---
layout: event-page  
title: "UX is dead, long live UX!"
venue: Corn Exchange
start: 10am
ticket-link: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/ux-brighton-2016-ux-is-dead-long-live-ux-tickets-15866892302
upcoming: true 
#published: false
price: "from £130+VAT"
homepage: true
#art-direction: "@media (max-width: 64rem) { .event-detail_desc .promo-image{width: 100%;} } @media (min-width: 65rem) {.event-detail_desc .promo-image {width: 100%;}} .promo-image {margin: 0; padding: 0; border: 0}"
art-direction: ".get-involved {display: none} .event-detail{background-image: url('/assets/conference-2016/banner.jpg'); background-repeat: no-repeat} .event-detail {background-size: contain} @media (max-width: 32rem) { .event-detail_desc h1 {color: #fff;} .event-detail h1 {margin-top: 0} .event-detail {background-size: contain}} .site-header {margin-bottom: 0} .event-meta { margin-bottom: 0}} @media (max-width: 35rem){ .event-meta{ margin-top: 25%; margin-bottom: 0} }  @media (min-width: 35rem){ body {background-position: right 0px top 0px;}  .event-detail_desc h1, .event-detail_desc h2 {color: #fff;} .event-detail_desc p:nth-of-type(1) {margin-top: 5em; color: #fff}  .event-detail_desc p:nth-of-type(2) {margin-top: 7em;} .event-meta{ margin-top: 5%; margin-bottom: 0}}"
---

## Not a conference about UX, rather a conference for UX people.
<em>“We shape our tools and thereafter our tools shape us.”</em>
<br>-- Marshal McLuhan

<strong>Has UX lost its way?</strong> It’s become a very popular term, but unfortunately it’s more often used to refer to a thing designers do, not a thing users have.

<strong>During this one day conference, we aim to eschew traditional thinking and examine better ways to model and think about the world</strong>: How we can learn from many disciplines and professions, not just design or UX; Ways of thinking and working that remove current limits to innovation; Looking at tools and techniques to help us move forward; Demonstrating how the best design needs a foundation of empirical evidence and critical thinking.

The web is always changing, moving forward, re-inventing itself, however the user’s experience remains the same. 

<strong>What can we do to get better, to help us improve the UX industry and ultimately the user’s experience?</strong> We should be thinking differently, designing new tools, approaching problems in different ways. We should be re-inventing our approaches, looking to other industries for inspiration, techniques, tools, methodologies and ways to evaluate.

<em>“Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world.”</em>
<br>-- Arthur Schopenhauer

<em>“Human interaction is far more complex than relativity or string theory, of course, but that only made it more interesting and important; it constantly challenged my presumptions.”</em>
<br>-- Ed Catmull, in Creativity Inc.

Throughout the day, speakers will cover topics including:

 * Complexity and systems thinking
 * Solving meaningful problems
 * Better ways of thinking
 * Better ways of doing
 * Learning from developers
 * Finding product-market fit

### About our conferences
They are designed to blend the worlds of the practical, the theoretical, the commercial and the academic to create new connections and highlight the foundations of designing for User Experience. We select speakers from outside the regular design conference circuit, choosing leading UX professionals alongside those from different industries and academia.

<em>"UX Brighton gets you out of old ways of thinking. The speakers are excellent and the networking superb"</em>
<br>-- Simon Johnson, UX Researcher

<em>"Loved UX Brighton the past 2 years. A place where some truly interesting issues about designing things are being discussed and an antidote to the 'here are some things I did talks' that are rarely as good."</em>
<br>-- Ash Gibson, Creative Director

### Tickets
We try our very best to keep our ticket prices accessible for all, including a low cost student ticket (at just £50 +VAT).  Because of this, tickets do sell quickly - don't miss out by leaving it too late.

We can arrange payment by invoice if required, email [Emmeline](mailto:emmeline@uxbrighton.org.uk) for further information.