---
{
	"id": 1275,
	"shortId": "7V0t4170",
	"uuid": "237a0e06-4c1e-43a5-a763-9f1680644ce8",
	"title": {
		"original": "User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"User Experience Researcher",
				"Usability Researcher",
				"User Interface Researcher",
				"User Research Analyst",
				"User Research Manager"
			],
			"seniortyLevel": 3
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-05-21T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-06-21T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London, Hybrid",
		"textDescription": "Hybrid, London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		],
		"workplace": "PART_REMOTE"
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "accuRx",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/accurx-logoV3.png",
		"twitter": "Accurx",
		"id": 406,
		"shortId": "xS0Kxatg",
		"uuid": "98384609-e22d-425b-ab44-09ad822782de"
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, greenhouse",
		"patternType": "default, system",
		"date": "2023-05-21T06:00:10.622Z",
		"source": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/accurx/jobs/5097608002?gh_src=18d8f9662us"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://boards.greenhouse.io/accurx/jobs/5097608002#app",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "At Accurx, we're' on a mission to make patients healthier and healthcare staff happier. Who are Accurx? We’re’ a fast-growing- health technology company which makes it easier for patients and",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1275/user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<p><strong>At Accurx, we're on a mission to make patients healthier and healthcare staff happier.</strong></p><h2>Who are Accurx?<br></h2><p>We’re a fast-growing health technology company which makes it easier for patients and healthcare teams to communicate.</p><p>Accurx is where conversations happen with and about patients. Our software helps doctors, nurses, pharmacists and administrators and other professionals to seamlessly connect with both patients and each other.&nbsp;</p><p>Our mission is simple: everything we do is to make patients healthier and healthcare staff happier. Today, Accurx is used in 98% of GP practices nationwide and every day more healthcare professionals are using our software in hospitals, pharmacies, care homes and the community.</p><p>We’re passionate about staying close to our users, which is why everyone at Accurx visits a GP practice at least twice a quarter to understand how a practice runs, the difficulties they face with technologies and how we can help.</p><p>Although we’ve initially tackled the UK healthcare system, we have big ambitions to improve healthcare systems across the world in the future. If you want to hear from some of our Accufolk about what it's like to work for us, take a look at a video from our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqzqnjFrY60">2022 summer conference!</a></p><h2>Life as a User Researcher at Accurx</h2><p>We advocate for users by bridging the gap between the product community and user insights, to support impactful decision making.</p><p>As a User Researcher you’ll be responsible for leading user research in a given product area, and will work closely with the Product Manager in identifying key research questions and high-risk assumptions being made. You’ll be working day-to-day in a cross-functional squad, working out what users need even when they don’t know it themselves, and building products that empower them. You’ll also join our UX function that’s composed of Product Designers, User Support, and User Researchers. You will join our User Research Guild and be an integral part of the growth and expansion of our research practice at Accurx!</p><p>This role will report to a Lead Researcher and will be based near Old Street/Liverpool St in London with the flexibility of working from home twice a week.</p><h2>Why it's interesting joining the team today</h2><ul><li><p>In 2023, we find ourselves at an exciting juncture. Having attained 98% adoption across GP Practises in England, Accurx is now into the next big stage of the journey: expanding our software further into hospitals. It's a key step in reaching our goal of establishing one simple, easy-to-use communication platform for people across healthcare. To do this, we're partnering with acute trusts to help them tackle their waiting lists and increasing the value we provide to our GP users. The User Research team is crucial to achieving these goals...</p></li><li><p>Now, more than ever, the health system needs support to provide effective care to patients. You can help solve this very real problem that impacts everyone.</p></li><li><p>Whether through our in-house clinical leads, daily research calls, user support or regular site visits. We keep as close to our end-users as we can. You'll be practising genuine human-centred research day-to-day.</p></li></ul><h2>What the team say...,</h2><p>Working as a User Researcher at Accurx is equal parts rewarding as it is meaningful. We can see the direct impact we have on our users and their livelihood - listening to and understanding their needs is central to the way we choose to build and improve our products. Everyone at our company cares deeply about our mission to improve communication in healthcare. It is absolutely incredible to see how much everyone likes to get stuck into the research process - from product manager to designers, and engineers, everyone loves to get involved. Research is truly a team sport at Accurx!"&nbsp;Justine, User Researcher</p><h2>Ideally you’ll be…,</h2><p>You’re a mixed-methods researcher experienced in a wide range of quantitative and qualitative research methods who builds great products through deep research and understanding of data. We’re looking for someone who cares deeply about understanding the complexities of healthcare and while it would be great if you had any experience doing user research in a healthcare context, it’s not necessary. You have worked with cross functional software teams, and you have hands-on experience running user research in a product context and helping to bring the voice of the user into every corner of the company.</p><h2>What you’ll be doing</h2><ul><li><p>You'll draw out insights from a variety of quantitative and qualitative sources to tell a compelling story that aids product decision making.</p></li><li><p>You’ll be creative and take initiative in how you conduct research and testing (read more about the some of the hurdles of user research in healthcare in this blog).</p></li><li><p>You’ll bring others in product teams (e.g. Engineers &amp; Designers) along the user research journey, and get them involved throughout whether that be shadowing at the frontline, interviews or remote testing.</p></li><li><p>You'll champion and advocate for our users' needs and their problems throughout product development, and in other areas of the business where relevant.</p></li><li><p>You'll help scale our research processes as our product teams, and company continue to grow, and ensure that research goals and priorities are aligned to business needs.</p></li></ul><h2>We'd really like to hear from you if you have/are…,</h2><ul><li><p>Substantial experience in running quantitative research, ability to show good understanding of when to use these methods and creating actionable insights from utilising these methods: usability tests, surveys, A/B, and multivariate testing</p></li><li><p>Demonstrable experience working with product analytic and data tools e.g. Google Analytics, PowerBI, Mixpanel, SQL</p></li><li><p>Experience with scoping, planning, and executing discovery and evaluative research</p></li><li><p>A curious mindset that seeks to understand people and processes with a focus on identifying workflows and behaviours that facilitate action and change</p></li><li><p>Ability to work and lead independently and feel comfortable navigating ambiguity</p></li><li><p>You’re an excellent communicator, and you love finding creative ways to share your research and insights</p></li><li><p>You're an amazing facilitator, and have lots of experience running workshops and team sessions around research</p></li><li><p>You appreciate robust research, but can also weigh up practical constraints and priorities – you know what enough research looks like</p></li><li><p>You’ll be comfortable with using your initiative and thinking on your feet in planning and conducting user research</p></li><li><p>You're&nbsp;mission-driven: you care about positively impacting the lives of millions</p></li><li><p>You’re&nbsp;always collaborating: you place team success over personal success and you enjoy working in an open, collaborative environment.</p></li><li><p>You demonstrate&nbsp;responsible ownership: when you see something not working, you'll flag it and be part of the solution</p></li><li><p>You seek&nbsp;continuous improvement: you’re always developing new skills and insights, while exploring ways to do things better</p></li><li><p>You’re mindful of&nbsp;balance: you're conscious of your own health and that of others. You think carefully about how best to focus your efforts, knowing when to push yourself to reach a goal.</p></li></ul><h2>Even better if you have…</h2><ul><li><p>Experience working on dashboards and data visualisation (i.e. systems that provide data that facilitate behavioural change)&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Experience working in a startup environment</p></li><li><p>Experience and/or interest in stepping into a managerial role</p></li></ul><h2>Salary &amp; Benefits package</h2><ul><li><p>£45,000 - £73,000 + meaningful share options</p></li><li><p>£1,000 annual learning &amp; development budget and a £500 annual wellness budget</p></li><li><p>Enhanced parental leave policy</p></li><li><p>Prayer, meditation and breastfeeding room</p></li><li><p>In house therapists available daily</p></li><li><p>Working abroad policy</p></li><li><p>We have our very own Chef! Free healthy breakfasts, snacks and lunches will be provided, with the occasional sweet treat!</p></li><li><p>And much <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.notion.so/Overview-of-perks-227f6d70368b4a2c9452869c6ce6a9c2">more</a>.</p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><h2>Diversity&nbsp;&amp; Inclusion</h2><p>Accurx is committed to being an inclusive employer - you can find out more about this commitment <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.notion.so/accurx/Diversity-Inclusion-Belonging-56bbf0a8d507441098f2ca44ab58eab9">here</a>. As part of this, we’re glad to accommodate candidates who need <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.notion.so/accurx/Interview-process-accommodations-7fd107fbfd834e38b4506969fe9984f6">adjustments throughout the interview process</a>.</p><p>We work in partnership with <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.stonewall.org.uk/">Stonewall </a>as part of their Diversity Champions program. This is because we believe in a world where all LGBTQ+ people are free to be themselves and can live their lives to the full. Inclusive workplaces have a huge part to play in making this world a reality.</p><p>We've officially been accredited as a flexible workplace by <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://flexa.careers/">Flexa® Careers</a>.</p><h2>Remote Working?</h2><p>We offer the team the option to work from home 2 days a week. Read more about our policy <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.notion.so/accurx/Flexible-working-and-office-hours-a5da4ccb5b254d75b43a223dd200f9e2">here</a>.</p><h2><strong>Want to do a little more research before you apply?&nbsp;</strong></h2><p>Head over to our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.accurx.com/careers">main careers page</a> to find out more about the team and our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.notion.so/accurx/Employee-Handbook-f9743d59eeb04a6a8430af2cd51f3d16">employee handbook</a>. You can also find out more about us on <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://medium.com/accurx">Medium</a>, <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/accurx">LinkedIn</a> and <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://twitter.com/accuRx">Twitter</a> &amp; <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.instagram.com/accurxteam">Instagram</a>.</p><p>Our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrLJDyngP4p0G0JtgEoT66Q">YouTube</a> channel is full of demos of our product, webinars we have held with our users and some clips about life at Accurx.</p>
