---
{
	"id": 1366,
	"shortId": "vtOhafHE",
	"uuid": "ef60626b-8f72-4c74-98ee-9dfec645aa3b",
	"title": {
		"original": "Policy and Innovation Lab - Senior User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "Senior User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "policy-and-innovation-lab-senior-user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Senior User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "Senior User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"Senior User Experience Researcher",
				"Senior User Interface Researcher",
				"Senior Usability Researcher",
				"Senior User Research Analyst",
				"Senior User Research Consultant"
			],
			"seniorty": "Senior",
			"seniortyLevel": 4
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-07-17T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-07-30T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Home Office",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Home-Office-Logo.png",
		"id": 411,
		"shortId": "GX9tp0z1",
		"uuid": "1e32ce48-e6d1-44ec-8933-d25652d38d61"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Full-time",
				"code": "FULL_TIME",
				"type": "hours"
			},
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent, Full-time",
		"textDescription": "Full-time, Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£54,000 - £64,900",
		"textDescription": "£54,000 - £64,900",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 54000,
		"maxValue": 64900
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2023-07-18T09:07:39.374Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZzZWFyY2hzb3J0PWNsb3Npbmcmc2VhcmNocGFnZT03JmpvYmxpc3Rfdmlld192YWM9MTg2Njg2MiZ1c2Vyc2VhcmNoY29udGV4dD00MjkxMzc2MiZwYWdlY2xhc3M9Sm9icyZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZwYWdlYWN0aW9uPXZpZXd2YWNieWpvYmxpc3QmcmVxc2lnPTE2ODk1NzM4NDktZWFhOGMwNDkxNzM1ZDhhMGQ0MjAyOWU1MjU2MTYzY2UxZTE3MjU2MQ==&utm_source=indeed.com&utm_medium=free"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXJ0eXBlPWZhaXImb3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZicmFuZF9pZD0wJmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjU4MzY5P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmYXBwbHlfbm93PTEmcGFnZWNsYXNzPUFwcGx5Jmpjb2RlPTE4NjY4NjImcmVxc2lnPTE2ODk2NzEyMzMtYTYxYzhjYmZiZDU0ZTdkMmRlZjQ2N2QwMjZlNmNjYzg3ZmI3Zjk2Ng%3D%3D&login_button=Apply+now&reqsig=1689671234-d4e5c54ce929660c576b7bc279b11fca088794a5",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "Job summary We’re’ looking for a Senior User Researcher to join our Policy and Innovation Lab (‘CoLab’) to help us deliver impactful and meaningful projects across all areas of Home Office. Our",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1366/policy-and-innovation-lab-senior-user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>Job summary</h2><p>We’re looking for a Senior User Researcher to join our Policy and Innovation Lab (‘CoLab’) to help us deliver impactful and meaningful projects across all areas of Home Office. Our mission is to bring user-centred and explorative design approaches to policy making at the Home Office.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We are a creative team of designers and researchers working closely with policy and operations teams from across the Home Office, to put users at the centre of our policy making processes. Our work builds a deep understanding of the challenges being faced by our users, so that we can rapidly design and test novel solutions to de-risk policy decisions and improve outcomes.</p><p>We work in policy spaces that require a deeper understanding of service users. These might be projects like exploring how we can better support survivors of modern slavery, or how we might help refugees to better integrate and adapt to life in the UK.</p><p>The first duty of the government is to keep citizens safe and the country secure. The Home Office has been at the front line of this effort since 1782. As such, we play a fundamental role in maintaining the security and economic prosperity of the UK.</p><p>The Home Office leads on immigration and passports, refugee protection, counter-terrorism, policing, fire services, and crime and drugs policy.</p><p>Digital Data and Technology (DDaT) enables the Home Office to keep the UK safe and secure. We design and build the services that help people apply for visas or passports; support policing and counter-terrorism operations; and protect the UK’s borders.</p><p>This is an exciting time to be at the Home Office. You’ll have a chance to shape the future and support our mission to deliver exceptional public services that work for everyone.</p><p>Our work is guided by these principles:</p><ul><li><p>We put user needs first</p></li><li><p>We value delivery and outcomes over process</p></li><li><p>We work in the open</p></li></ul><p>Our flexible working policy ensures a healthy work-life balance. We also nurture talent and offer a broad range of learning and development opportunities that will help you flourish in your role.&nbsp;</p><p>We work hard to maintain a positive working culture and are committed to helping you fulfil your potential. We value diversity and provide an open, inclusive and supportive environment to help you do your best work.&nbsp;</p><h2>Job description</h2><p>As a Senior User Researcher, you’ll work on challenging problems that require an understanding of complex services and systems, as well as the wider context they sit within. You’ll be confident working in a fast-paced environment as part of a multi-disciplinary team, and adept at gathering and using evidence to inform design decisions and measure service outcomes.<br>&nbsp;<br>You’ll work closely with service designers and policy professionals, with access to a range of other specialist skillsets when required.</p><h2>Person specification</h2><p>Your main day-to-day responsibilities will be:</p><ul><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Planning and leading user research to understand user needs and behaviours.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Facilitating activities that help teams and stakeholders understand the problem space and assess the implication of policy decisions.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Engaging with senior stakeholders and presenting project findings and related recommendations to senior decision makers across government.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Identifying and evidencing opportunities to improve existing policies and services.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Creating compelling policy and service solutions, in collaboration with designers, by drawing on findings from user research, data patterns, policy and operational intent and technical architecture.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Leading other user researchers within the team, mentoring and up-skilling researchers and supporting the growth and development of the team.</p></li></ul><p>You will also be expected to carry out the following day-to-day activities:</p><ul><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Coaching and supporting more junior user researchers in the Home Office.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Identifying, mitigating or escalating risks to conducting and implementing research.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Sharing ideas and best practice, and proactively helping and supporting other user researchers in the community.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Helping to shape how CoLab operates, including the culture, methods, tools, artefacts and standards it adopts over time.</p></li></ul><h2>Essential Skills</h2><p>We would love to hear from a wide range of people who can demonstrate some, or all, of the following skills and experiences:</p><ul><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Understanding and applying a range of user research methods, as well as extensive hands-on experience in applying these methods.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Researching with diverse audiences to help teams deliver accessible and inclusive digital services.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Convincing senior stakeholders about the benefits of adopting a user-centred, evidence-based approach by presenting information and arguments clearly and convincingly, both verbally and in writing.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Applying ethical research standards and practices to ensure the safeguarding and wellbeing of participants and researchers.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Working autonomously, while managing multiple deadlines and responding to changing priorities.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Aligning user research activities with wider organisational objectives.</p></li></ul><h2>Desirable Skills</h2><p>Ideally you will also have experience:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Working with policy teams or contributing to policy making.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Working in an innovation lab or similar environment.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Line managing, coaching and mentoring to develop skills of team members.</p></li><li><p>&nbsp; &nbsp;Engaging colleagues who are less familiar with user research or user-centred design.</p></li></ul><p>Our skills align with the cross gov DDaT Capability Framework ​​  </p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://gbr01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fgovernment%2Fcollections%2Fdigital-data-and-technology-profession-capability-framework&amp;data=05%7C01%7CRuth.Christy%40homeoffice.gov.uk%7C66bef17d1b7046b7126b08da8b396c2a%7Cf24d93ecb2914192a08af182245945c2%7C0%7C0%7C637975375996705548%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&amp;sdata=59%2FbKKE16zSWHwlSoPvwS2djOwbZlTymE%2BBjA3DtpOs%3D&amp;reserved=0">Digital, Data and Technology Profession Capability Framework - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk)</a>​  </p><h2>Technical skills</h2><p>We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Research</p></li><li><p>Stakeholder Management</p></li><li><p>User-centred and Agile practices</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £54,000, Home Office contributes £14,580 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><ul><li><p><strong>You’ll be set-up for hybrid working from day one</strong><br>We provide you with Office 365 licence. We work a minimum of 40% if our week in an office (two-days if you are full-time, pro-rata for part-timers) and remote the rest of the week. &nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>You can help shape how we do design and research</strong><br>We support our community to become practice leads to pursue work which provides value to the wider community. We currently have practice leads in diversity and inclusion, sustainability, design ethics, and workshopping.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>You are supported by a government leading UCD Operations Team</strong><br>We have a team of passionate people who help support designers and researchers with tools, recruitment support, professional onboarding, guidance and our research library.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Lots of ways to learn and develop</strong><br>In addition to our online training catalogue with O’Reilly and connections with professional training providers, we also offer peer learning, a comprehensive induction, and time to volunteer or do charity work.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p>You’ll also have access to the same benefits available to all civil servants in the Home Office:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>An in-year performance bonus scheme.</p></li><li><p>A Civil Service pension with employer contribution rates of between 26.6% and 30.3%, depending upon salary.</p></li><li><p>25 days annual leave on appointment, plus 8 days public holidays and 1 day for the King’s Birthday, rising further with service.</p></li><li><p>Flexible working options to enable you to achieve the work life balance that right for you including part-time, flexi time and job sharing.</p></li><li><p>Training and development opportunities tailored to your role.</p></li><li><p>A culture encouraging inclusion and diversity.</p></li><li><p>Season ticket loans and rental deposit loans.</p></li><li><p>Cycle to work and payroll giving.</p></li><li><p>Employee discounts - including a huge number of retailers, Microsoft Home Use programme and gym membership.</p></li><li><p>A variety of staff recognition schemes including thank you vouchers.</p></li><li><p>Health and wellbeing initiatives including monthly mindfulness sessions.</p></li><li><p>Staff support networks.</p></li><li><p>Maternity, adoption or shared parental leave of up to 26 weeks full pay followed by 13 weeks of statutory pay and a further 13 weeks unpaid.</p></li><li><p>Maternity and adoption support leave (paternity leave) of 2 weeks full pay.</p></li><li><p>Up to five days paid leave for volunteering.</p></li><li><p>Study leave and support for studying for a qualification or other accredited development relevant to your role.</p></li></ul><p>You can find more information at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://careers.homeoffice.gov.uk/benefits">Benefits - Home Office Careers</a></p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Experience and Technical skills.</p><p>As part of the application process you will be asked to complete a CV and Statement of Suitability (Max 1000 Word Limit).</p><p>Further details around what this will entail are listed on the application form.</p><p>The Statement of Suitability should explain your motivation for applying to this role and offer evidence of how you meet the essential criteria listed on the Job Specification.</p><p>The sift will be based on the Statement of Suitability.</p><p>The CV is for information only and will not be marked.&nbsp;</p><p>Candidates shortlisted will be invited to an interview which will explore their skills and experience.</p><p>You will also be asked to complete a practical task during the interview, which will be used to assess that you have the requisite level of skills for this role.&nbsp;</p><h3>Sift and interview dates</h3><p>The sift will commence on 31st July 2023.</p><p>Interviews are expected to take place from 14th August 2023</p><p>Interviews will be carried out via video. Candidates will be required to have access to:</p><ul><li><p>A laptop (personal or work) with a working webcam</p></li><li><p>Good internet connection</p></li><li><p>Microsoft Teams</p></li></ul><p>We will try to meet the dates set out in the advert. There may be occasions when these dates will change. You will be provided with sufficient notice of the confirmed dates.</p><p>Due to time constraints we may not be able to offer alternative interview date(s). It is therefore expected that candidates who are successful at sift stage will make themselves available during the above time frame given..   &nbsp;</p><h3>Further Information&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>Please read the essential skills for this position carefully. We will only consider those who meet the listed requirement. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>If you have previously made an unsuccessful application for a role with the same essential skills and are not able to demonstrate how you have developed these skills since your last application please reconsider applying as your application is unlikely to be successful.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>For meaningful checks to be carried out, individuals need to have lived in the UK for a sufficient period of time to enable appropriate checks to be carried out and produce a result which provides the required level of assurance. You should normally have been resident in the United Kingdom for the last 3 years if the role requires CTC clearance, 5 years for SC clearance and 10 years for DV.&nbsp; A lack of UK residency in itself is not necessarily a bar to a security clearance and applicants should contact the Vacancy Holder/Recruiting Manager listed in the advert for further advice.</p><h3>Reserve list &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>A reserve list of successful candidates will be kept for 12 months. Should another role become available within that period you may be offered this position</p><h3>UK residency and security requirements&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p><strong>You need to have lived in the UK for the past 5 years</strong>.&nbsp; This is because this post requires the successful candidate to have Security Check (SC) clearance, and you need to have been a resident in the UK long enough for sufficient checks to take place. These checks will only take place after the job offer has been accepted.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>Visa sponsorship&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>We are unable to sponsor any individuals via Skilled Worker Sponsorship / Tier 2 (General) work visas as we do not hold a UK Visa &amp; Immigration (UKVI) Skilled Worker License.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>This post is eligible for a DDaT Recruitment Retention Allowance. Successful candidate with exceptional skills and experience may apply for a Recruitment and Retention Allowance up to a maximum of £6,000. This allowance is subject to an initial review within six months of taking up the post and thereafter an annual review in line with the departmental priorities and could be reduced or withdrawn at any time. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>This role can be based in any of the advertised location/regions, with an occasional travel required. You will be located in a regional office and under Home Office hybrid working practices you will be required to attend a Home Office workplace on an average of 40% of your working hours. Successful candidates will be able to obtain further information from their line manager.  &nbsp;</p><p>Job offers to this post are made on the basis of merit. We often have similar roles available at different grades. If a candidate is suitable for a similar role or a lower grade than they have applied for, we may offer the candidate that role without the need to go through a further selection process providing the role has the same behaviours and essential skills. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>Working at the Home Office&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>Every day, Home Office civil servants do brilliant work to develop and deliver policies and services that affect the lives of people across the country and beyond. To do this effectively and fairly, the Home Office is committed to representing modern Britain in all its diversity, and creating a welcoming, inclusive workplace where all our people are able to bring their whole selves to work and perform at their best.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>We are flexible, skilled, professional and diverse. We work to recruit and retain disabled staff and area Disability Confident Leader. We are proud to be one of the most ethnically diverse departments in the civil service. We are Stonewall top 100 Workplace Equality Employer and a Social Mobility Foundation top 75 employer. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening, subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant's details held on the IFD will be refused employment.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>For further information please see the attached notes for candidates which must be read before making an application. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>Existing Civil Servants should note that some of the Home Office terms and conditions of employment have changed. It is the candidate’s responsibility to ensure they are aware of the Terms and Conditions they will adopt should they be successful in application and should refer to the notes for candidates for further details. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>Transfer Terms: Voluntary. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>If you are invited to an interview you will be required to bring a range of documentation for the purposes of establishing identity and to aid any pre-employment checks. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>Please see the attached list of Home Office acceptable ID documents. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>Any move to the Home Office from another employer will mean you can no longer access childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk">www.childcarechoices.gov.uk</a></p><h3>Reasonable Adjustments</h3><p>If a person with disabilities is at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes. &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should: &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>• Contact Government Recruitment Service via <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:HOrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk">HOrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</a> as soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>• Complete the “Assistance Required” section in the “Additional Requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you're deaf, a language service professional &nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp;<br>If you are experiencing accessibility problems with any attachments on this advert, please contact the email address in the ‘Contact point for applicants’ section.</p><h3>Feedback&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must meet the security requirements before they can be appointed. The level of security needed is <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/national-security-vetting-advice-for-people-who-are-being-vetted">security check (opens in a new window)</a>.<br><br><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/vetting-explained-and-our-vetting-charter/the-vetting-charter">See our vetting charter (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals from the EU, EEA or Switzerland with settled or pre-settled status or who apply for either status by the deadline of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals working in the Civil Service</p></li><li><p>relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals who have built up the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li><li><p>certain family members of the relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h2>Contact point for applicants</h2><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Ruth Christy</p></li><li><p>Email : OptimusACRecruitment@homeoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : HOrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h2>Further information</h2><p>If you feel that your application has not been treated in accordance with the recruitment principles, and wish to make a complaint, then you should contact in the first instance <br>HORecruitment.GRS@cabinetoffice.gov.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response that you receive, then you can contact the Civil Service Commission.<br></p><p>Attachments</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMjM4NDQmdmVyaWZ5PTdiMDUxZTUwOTdlYjIzZGE1ZTlkNjQ1ZGI2ZGE3MTIwJnJlcXNpZz0xNjg5NjcxMjMzLWE2MWM4Y2JmYmQ1NGU3ZDJkZWY0NjdkMDI2ZTZjY2M4N2ZiN2Y5NjY=">Candidate_information_v8.0_May 2023 Opens in new window</a> (docx, 324kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMjM4NDUmdmVyaWZ5PTQ3NzczMDQ5MWUzOTYyMGEzMjM2ZThhMjg1ODRkMDRlJnJlcXNpZz0xNjg5NjcxMjMzLWE2MWM4Y2JmYmQ1NGU3ZDJkZWY0NjdkMDI2ZTZjY2M4N2ZiN2Y5NjY=">Pre-employment Checking - Document Requirements (V12) 2023-06-08 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 180kB)</p><h2>Share this page</h2><ul><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="#">Print</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:?subject=I%20would%20like%20to%20share%20Policy%20and%20Innovation%20Lab%20-%20Senior%20User%20Researcher%20%28reference%20%3A%20302073%29%20with%20you&amp;body=I%20have%20found%20this%20opportunity%20on%20Civil%20Service%20Jobs%20and%20thought%20you%20might%20be%20interested.%0D%0A%0D%0ACheck%20it%20out%20by%20clicking%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1866862.%20%0D%0A%0D%0AIf%20you%20are%20interested%20in%20a%20career%20in%20the%20Civil%20Service%20you%20can%20search%20for%20opportunities%20at%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk">Email</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1866862">Facebook</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?original_referer&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1866862&amp;text=Policy and Innovation Lab - Senior User Researcher">Twitter</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1866862">LinkedIn</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?view=cm&amp;source=mailto&amp;body=I%20have%20found%20this%20opportunity%20on%20Civil%20Service%20Jobs%20and%20thought%20you%20might%20be%20interested.%0D%0A%0D%0ACheck%20it%20out%20by%20clicking%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1866862.%20%0D%0A%0D%0AIf%20you%20are%20interested%20in%20a%20career%20in%20the%20Civil%20Service%20you%20can%20search%20for%20opportunities%20at%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk&amp;su=I%20would%20like%20to%20share%20Policy%20and%20Innovation%20Lab%20-%20Senior%20User%20Researcher%20%28reference%20%3A%20302073%29%20with%20you">GMail</a></p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p>
