---
{
	"id": 1414,
	"shortId": "YVCg8gk0",
	"uuid": "f1d7eff1-7ab6-4690-a84c-401b4be37534",
	"title": {
		"original": "Lead Service Designer",
		"textDescription": "Lead Service Designer",
		"urlSlug": "lead-service-designer",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Lead Service Designer",
			"expandedTitle": "Lead Service Designer",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"Lead Service Architect",
				"Lead Service Developer",
				"Lead Service Engineer",
				"Lead Service Planner",
				"Lead Service Strategist"
			],
			"seniorty": "Lead",
			"seniortyLevel": 5
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-08-21T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-09-03T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "Remote",
		"textDescription": "Remote, United Kingdom",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "United Kingdom",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB"
			}
		],
		"workplace": "FULLY_REMOTE"
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Food Standards Agency",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/food-standards-agency-logo.png",
		"twitter": "foodgov",
		"id": 776,
		"shortId": "olQrewFd",
		"uuid": "937dc0c9-c3d7-412a-b9c8-49ceb484993e"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Full-time",
				"code": "FULL_TIME",
				"type": "hours"
			},
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent Full-time",
		"textDescription": "Full-time, Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£54,404",
		"textDescription": "£54,404",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 54404,
		"maxValue": 54404
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2023-08-21T06:27:12.277Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZzZWFyY2hzb3J0PXNjb3JlJmpvYmxpc3Rfdmlld192YWM9MTg3MTYwNSZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZzZWFyY2hwYWdlPTEmdXNlcnNlYXJjaGNvbnRleHQ9NDYxNzUxNTImcGFnZWFjdGlvbj12aWV3dmFjYnlqb2JsaXN0JnBhZ2VjbGFzcz1Kb2JzJnJlcXNpZz0xNjkyMDExMDM0LWNjZDljMjhhYjIxM2Q0ZDBlNzYyNjZlNzBiOGRiOWNlMzMwYTdjZDU="
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=YnJhbmRfaWQ9MCZvd25lcj01MDcwMDAwJmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjYzNjQ4P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmamNvZGU9MTg3MTYwNSZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZwYWdlY2xhc3M9QXBwbHkmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmYXBwbHlfbm93PTEmcmVxc2lnPTE2OTI1OTg4ODktZWExZmI0ZGYyM2UwOTA4MjExMjU5NGZkMDYzMTk2NTQwZTU1MjhkNA%3D%3D&login_button=Apply+now&reqsig=1692598890-ec27d2497d741ed327563a623005881ddf506338",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "Location Multi-location- from one of our FSA Offices (Belfast, Cardiff or York), or home based in the UK. Please be aware that this role can only be worked within the UK and not overseas. Travel",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1414/lead-service-designer",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>Location</h2><p>Multi-location from one of our FSA Offices (Belfast, Cardiff or York), or home based in the UK. Please be aware that this role can only be worked within the UK and not overseas. Travel across the UK will be required on an occasional basis, possibly with overnight stays.</p><h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>The Food Standards Agency (FSA) is a small government agency with a big mission: to keep food safe, ensure that it is what it says it is, and that it’s increasingly healthy and more sustainable. We meet this mission is a wide variety of ways, and much of our work is supported by key digital services.</p><p>&nbsp;We’re looking for a Lead Service Designer who can play a crucial role in enabling the development, usage, and enhancement of these services. You’ll believe in the importance of creating user-led products that can deliver intuitively and effectively and will be a champion of working towards continuous improvement.</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>As you shape the FSA’s approach to designing services and developing end-to-end products, you will also seek to develop and co-ordinate the teams around you. As a high-profile representative of our work across the organisation, you will raise awareness of the importance of good service design, and the added value of the products it creates.</p><p>&nbsp;You’ll also look for opportunities to improve the performance or management of our existing services, ensuring that we never stop looking for ways to empower our colleagues as we work together to keep food safe.</p><p>&nbsp;If you are a talented communicator who can connect with a range of stakeholders, delivering complex ideas in an informative and accessible way, this is a fantastic opportunity to make a real impact on the way the FSA delivers key services.</p><h3>Person specification</h3><p>Please read the attached Candidate Pack to discover further details about the role, our organisation, who we are looking for and the criteria we will assess against during the selection process.</p><p>We look forward to receiving your application and wish you every success.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>Behaviours</h3><p>We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Making Effective Decisions</p></li><li><p>Communicating and Influencing</p></li><li><p>Working Together</p></li></ul><h3>Technical skills</h3><p>We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>• Designing evidence based solutions for end-to-end services including non-digital parts of the service</p></li><li><p>• Knowledge of how to make services accessible to the greatest range of people and needs</p></li><li><p>• Knowledge of how to use design hypotheses, and plan and run experiments that test them effectively</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Our candidate pack details the benefits that the FSA has to offer. Please also refer to the attached Terms and Conditions statement.</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.</p><p>Full details of the selection process are detailed in the attached candidate pack.&nbsp;</p><h3>Application and shortlisting</h3><p>You will be asked to provide personal details (not seen by the Panel) and to confirm your eligibility to apply for the role.</p><p>You will then be asked to complete an application which will be used to assess you against the following essential criteria.</p><h3>Experience</h3><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lead criteria: Experience of leading the design and delivery of end-to-end, evidence-based services that balance efficiency, simplicity and effectiveness to meet user and business needs, whilst considering risks, constraints and technical implications &nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Experience of leading and coaching multidisciplinary teams, to constructively influence a wide range of stakeholders on existing and new services</p><p>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Experience of communicating information and ideas across organisational and technical boundaries, using diagrams, prototypes and written narratives to enable stakeholders to understand concepts and make effective decisions about their services</p><p>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Demonstrate knowledge of the technologies used to build and operate digital services, and how changes in these technologies impact the delivery of government services</p><p>5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Demonstrate experience of using a wide range of methods, and tools, for facilitating collaborative design activities and delivery of services</p><h3><strong>Lead Criteria</strong></h3><p>An initial sift may take place on just the identified Lead Criteria indicated.</p><p>In the event that we receive a large number of applications, the minimum pass mark for the Lead Criteria may be raised at shortlisting stage. Candidates who apply under the DCS, GPTW or RIS schemes and meet the minimum requirements will be unaffected by the pass mark raise.</p><h3>Interview</h3><p>If successful at shortlisting stage, you will be invited to a final interview in which we will assess you against the following Technical requirements of the role and Civil Service Behaviours Level 4</p><h3>Behaviours</h3><ul><li><p>Making Effective Decisions</p></li><li><p>Communicating and Influencing</p></li><li><p>Working Together</p></li></ul><h3>&nbsp;Technical</h3><ul><li><p>Designing evidence based solutions for end-to-end services including non-digital parts of the service</p></li><li><p>Knowledge of how to make services accessible to the greatest range of people and needs</p></li><li><p>Knowledge of how to use design hypotheses, and plan and run experiments that test them effectively&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p>Please refer to DDaT Profession skills and capability framework Lead Service Designer for more information.</p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://eur03.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fguidance%2Fservice-designer%23lead-service-designer&amp;data=05%7C01%7C%7Ca83bf3bcafc6438881d308db9d80376b%7C8a1c50f901b74c8aa6fa90eb906f18e9%7C0%7C0%7C638276946225562796%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&amp;sdata=VQUwHgKJ6aC1hzvFLctUSyOHkNk9NwflvhDs1A0%2FdQo%3D&amp;reserved=0">https://www.gov.uk/guidance/service-designer#lead-service-designer</a></p><p>As part of the interview process, you will be asked to prepare a seen presentation. Further information will be provided to you on the day / invite to interview email.</p><h3>Expected Timeline</h3><p>Advert closes: 03/09/23</p><p>Sift: Expected to take place w/c 04/09/23</p><p>Final panel interview: Expected to take place w/c 18/09/23</p><p>Interviews will be held remotely via MS Teams. (If you do not have the Microsoft Teams application installed on your computer, you can join on the web without installing the application.)</p><p><strong>Please note that indicated dates may be subject to change.</strong></p><p><strong>The FSA is dedicated to a policy of equal opportunity for all.</strong></p><p>Being truly reflective of our society and building a culture where everyone can perform at their best is critical to the work of the FSA. We are looking to recruit from the widest possible talent pool and encourage candidates to apply from a diverse range of backgrounds. We are proud to be an inclusive, equal opportunities employer and are committed to ensuring that all candidates are treated fairly throughout the recruitment and selection process and beyond. All appointments are made on merit.</p><p>Please be assured that diversity or socio–economic information requested during the course of your application plays absolutely no part in our selection processes and is not seen by anyone assessing applications.&nbsp; Any information provided is anonymised and used for statistical purposes only.</p><p>We actively review the deployment of talent on a periodic basis in the interests of optimising personal development and the achievement of business plans.</p><h3>Childcare Vouchers</h3><p>Any move to the Food Standards Agency from another employer will mean you can no longer access childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments.&nbsp;You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax Free Childcare.</p><p>Determine your eligibility at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk">https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk</a></p><h3>Reserve List</h3><p>A reserve list will be held for a period of up to 12 months from which further appointment may be made.</p><h3>Visa Sponsorship</h3><p>Please note that the FSA does not hold a licence to sponsor any visa applications and we are unable to provide any advice about visas.<br><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals from the EU, EEA or Switzerland with settled or pre-settled status or who apply for either status by the deadline of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals working in the Civil Service</p></li><li><p>relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals who have built up the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li><li><p>certain family members of the relevant EU, EEA, Swiss or Turkish nationals</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>The Civil Service welcomes applications from people who have recently left prison or have an unspent conviction. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civil-service-careers.gov.uk/prison-leaver-recruitment/">Read more about prison leaver recruitment (opens in new window)</a>.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Paul Turner</p></li><li><p>Email : paul.turner@food.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : hr.recruitment.campaigns@food.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>If you wish to raise a complaint then please email hr.recruitment.campaigns@food.gov.uk in the first instance.</p><h3>Attachments</h3><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzAxMTEmdmVyaWZ5PWJlNTk0YzA1ZTM2YzdmMjhjZTAxZGU1NTk0YWM4YjU0JnJlcXNpZz0xNjkyNTk4ODg5LWVhMWZiNGRmMjNlMDkwODIxMTI1OTRmZDA2MzE5NjU0MGU1NTI4ZDQ=">Lead Service Designer - Candidate Pack Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 1089kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzAxMTImdmVyaWZ5PTVkZmIyOWY5ZDE2YTJmODM2NjkyMDQzM2JkZTY1Mjc2JnJlcXNpZz0xNjkyNTk4ODg5LWVhMWZiNGRmMjNlMDkwODIxMTI1OTRmZDA2MzE5NjU0MGU1NTI4ZDQ=">Terms and Conditions as at April 2020 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 61kB)</p>
