---
{
	"id": 1424,
	"shortId": "4wdm50El",
	"uuid": "4eec44b1-ce8d-49d1-a70f-8aeedc72b54e",
	"title": {
		"original": "Junior User Researcher / User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "junior-user-researcher-user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"Usability Researcher",
				"UX Researcher",
				"User Experience Researcher",
				"User Research Analyst",
				"User Research Lead"
			],
			"seniorty": "Junior",
			"seniortyLevel": 2
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-08-24T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-09-10T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "Croydon",
		"textDescription": "Croydon",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "Croydon",
				"locality": "Croydon",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.3714,
				"longitude": -0.097766
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "HM Land Registry",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/HM-Land-Registry-logo.svg",
		"twitter": "HMLandRegistry",
		"id": 780,
		"shortId": "80Cr4SZu",
		"uuid": "5b64fc73-549e-4e4a-b39c-cc8a4a78bd56"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£28,080 - £38,409",
		"textDescription": "£28,080 - £38,409",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 28080,
		"maxValue": 38409
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=YnJhbmRfaWQ9MCZhcHBseV91cmw9aHR0cHM6Ly9jc2hyLnRhbC5uZXQvdngvbGFuZy1lbi1HQi9hcHBjZW50cmUtMTEvY2FuZGlkYXRlL3Bvc3RpbmdzLzI2NTMxMT9pbnN0YW50PWFwcGx5Jm93bmVyPTUwNzAwMDAmYXBwbHlfbm93PTEmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmcGFnZWNsYXNzPUFwcGx5Jm93bmVydHlwZT1mYWlyJmpjb2RlPTE4NzMwODQmcmVxc2lnPTE2OTI4ODg3OTktZGRlYjg1NjQ5MGQ4NzgyMzk5Y2QyMTU1MzUwNWUxZDk4ZjExN2I3NQ%3D%3D&login_button=Apply+now&reqsig=1692888800-ec48ed1dfc34c4448c33a2e3625e784785a7a50a",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary It is an exciting time for HM Land Registry as we continue on a major transformation programme. HMLR's' ambition is to become the world’s’ leading land registry for speed,",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1424/junior-user-researcher-user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>It is an exciting time for HM Land Registry as we continue on a major transformation programme. HMLR's ambition is to become the world’s leading land registry for speed, simplicity and an open approach to data. <br><br>We are now looking for Junior User Researchers and User Researchers to help us design, plan and carry out research to support and inform HM Land Registry digital services.</p><p>The Transformation and Technology Directorate is the in-house IT division for HMLR. We are currently recruiting several roles to ensure the teams contain the right blend of skills, experience and knowledge to take our major transformation programme forward. These teams are at the heart of the move to a digital, data-driven organisation with the ambition to provide our customers with cutting-edge digital services.</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>We are recruiting Junior User Researchers and User Researcher roles at EO and HEO grades</p><h4>EO Senior User Researcher</h4><p>We are looking for Junior User Researchers, you will be embedded into fast paced delivery teams.&nbsp; Your researched will inform policy, proposition, service, content and interaction design so that digital services work well for users and achieve their policy intent.&nbsp;</p><p>You will plan, manage and carry out research to inform the design of digital services and help teams get a deeper understanding of the people that use them.&nbsp; You will use a range of user research methods including usability testing, pop up research, contextual research and interviewing.&nbsp;</p><h4>HEO User Researcher</h4><p>As a User Researcher at HM Land Registry you will&nbsp;design, plan and carry out research to support and inform HM Land Registry digital services.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Your job is to collect insights about the needs and experiences of public digital service users, and help your team understand the people who use the services we provide, and so to build better government services.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Your research will inform policy, strategy, service, content and interaction design, ensuring our services work well for users and achieve their policy intent.&nbsp;</p><h2>Person specification</h2><p><strong>To meet the requirements of a Junior User Researcher</strong>, you will have some practical research experience but have regular guidance and support to produce your best work and develop your skills.&nbsp; You will communicate insights from user research in engaging and impactful ways to delivery teams to support positive change and improve digital services.</p><p><strong>To meet the requirements of a User Researcher,</strong> you will ensure the voice of the user is listened to, acting as the user's advocate in design decisions.&nbsp; You will identify and analyse existing secondary insights and share results and findings across HM Land Registry to help improve the sider customer experience.&nbsp; You will plan and develop research plans, identify the right research methods, the right participants and the right questions and tasks to get the team the insights they need.</p><p>For the complete list of essential criteria and further information about the roles, please see the attached candidate pack.</p><p>HMLR believes that a blended (or hybrid) approach to where you work, with sometime in the office and some time at home. This means you will have some input and choice about how and when you will work on site versus from home.<br><br>For more information about what it's like to work here please see the following links:</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://eur03.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhmlandregistry.blog.gov.uk%2F2022%2F11%2F09%2Fwhy-work-in-it-at-hm-land-registry%2F&amp;data=05%7C01%7CRebecca.Jones%40landregistry.gov.uk%7C02a74c57bca943d0b36a08dac2546bfc%7C236309a8284b4e57a7b3fc767736f69d%7C0%7C0%7C638035965078840006%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&amp;sdata=K8pgVNVos1M%2FlnIfYOYK6PV39mvqvOtS4CcQTKUenss%3D&amp;reserved=0">https://hmlandregistry.blog.gov.uk/2022/11/09/why-work-in-it-at-hm-land-registry/</a></p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/land-registry_wearehmlr-activity-6579336709824139264-MkoY">Building our digital capability through Communities of Practice</a><br></p><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £28,080, HM Land Registry contributes £7,581 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><p>#WeAreHMLR</p><p>At HM Land Registry our vision is a world leading property market as part of a thriving economy and a sustainable future. We are unique in terms of the economic and social impacts of our work, our ability to make a positive difference to the lives of our customers, our sense of mission, and our great people.&nbsp; They are the foundation of all we have achieved and all we aspire to in the future. We want our people to feel proud to work for HM Land Registry and able to fulfil their full potential.</p><p>We have a strong and positive culture, a commitment to inclusivity, an emphasis on continuous learning and development, and flexible ways of working. We offer competitive pay and annual leave, attractive pension options and a wide range of other benefits.</p><ul><li><p><strong>We have integrity–</strong> we value honesty, trust and doing the right thing in the right way.</p></li><li><p><strong>We drive innovation–</strong> we are forward-thinking, embrace change and are continually improving our processes.</p></li><li><p><strong>We are professional</strong>– we value and grow our knowledge and professional expertise.</p></li><li><p><strong>We give assurance</strong>– we guarantee our services and provide confidence to the property market.</p></li></ul><p>Please click here for further information on our rewards package: https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/land-registry/about/recruitment#what-hm-land-registry-can-offer-you.</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Strengths and Experience.</p><p>We want to keep this process as easy as possible for you so just upload an anonymised CV to include your qualifications, career history, technical skills and experience when prompted. We ask that you do not include any personal details.</p><p>Please also complete the Personal Statement section (in up to 250 words) why you think you are suitable for the role.</p><p>In the event of a high volume of applications. we reserve the right to pre-sift on the leading essential experience criteria:​</p><ul><li><p><strong>Research Skills</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>Inclusive Research</strong>​</p></li></ul><p>Please tell us which grade you are applying for on the application form. If you apply for the HEO role we may consider you for the EO role and invite you to interview accordingly.</p><p>Please review your application form before clicking ‘submit’ – once you have submitted, you will not be able to amend your application. Ensure your application form is received by the closing date for receipt of applications – this is 23:55pm on the advertised date.</p><p>The sift will take place once we have received your application and if successful at shortlisting stage, you will be invited to attend a virtual, blended interview and short task shortly after, which will be held through MS Teams.</p><p>We will also test some strengths as part of the interview as well as the criteria listed in the person specification slides in the attached candidate pack. More details will be issued on invite to interview. The best way to prepare for strength questions is to reflect on what you identify as your own personal strengths, and your preferred ways of working - https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles<br><br>Candidates may refer to notes within their video interview but they should be used as a prompt only.<br><br>HMLR is accredited to the Disability Confidence Scheme, which denotes organisations which have a positive attitude towards disabled people. Disabled applicants who meet the minimum essential criteria at the shortlisting stage are guaranteed an invitation to interview.<br><br>If any candidate requires the panel to consider a reasonable adjustment or there is anything else they would like the panel to take into consideration they are asked to notify us of this at application stage where possible or during the process as soon as it becomes a requirement.<br><br>If you would like further information about the use of your personal data, please click on the link below:<br><br><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/hm-land-registry-job-applicant-personal-information">Job Applicant Personal Information</a><br><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Jordan Lloyd</p></li><li><p>Email : jordan.lloyd@landregistry.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : hrresourcingteam2@landregistry.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>If you feel your application has not been treated in accordance to the Recruitment Principles and you wish to make a complaint, please email hrresourcingteam2@landregistry.gov.uk in the first instance. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive from HM Land Registry then you may take your complaint to the Civil Service Commission: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/making-complaint/">http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/making-complaint/</a></p><h3>Attachments</h3><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzIwODAmdmVyaWZ5PWI0NzIyMzRjYWJmODQ4OWU0MmJmODMyZThiOWQzNTczJnJlcXNpZz0xNjkyODg4Nzk5LWRkZWI4NTY0OTBkODc4MjM5OWNkMjE1NTM1MDVlMWQ5OGYxMTdiNzU=">EO HEO User Research candidate pack Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 1419kB)</p>
