---
{
	"id": 1430,
	"shortId": "54a844C9",
	"uuid": "c3f0d661-0c3d-4609-824a-d3382fad93a7",
	"title": {
		"original": "User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"User Experience Researcher",
				"Usability Researcher",
				"User Interface Researcher",
				"User Research Analyst",
				"User Research Consultant"
			],
			"seniortyLevel": 3
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-08-30T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-09-10T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "Croydon",
		"textDescription": "Croydon",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "Croydon",
				"locality": "Croydon",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.3714,
				"longitude": -0.097766
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Home Office",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Home-Office-Logo.png",
		"twitter": "ukhomeoffice",
		"id": 411,
		"shortId": "GX9tp0z1",
		"uuid": "1e32ce48-e6d1-44ec-8933-d25652d38d61"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£41,600 - £48,792",
		"textDescription": "£41,600 - £48,792",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 41600,
		"maxValue": 48792
	},
	"tags": [
		"mid",
		"senior"
	],
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=amNvZGU9MTg3MzMwNyZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZicmFuZF9pZD0wJmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjY1MzU3P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmb3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZwYWdlY2xhc3M9QXBwbHkmYXBwbHlfbm93PTEmcmVxc2lnPTE2OTMzNzY1MjYtMjk2ZjA3YmM5NjQ2YTgwZDFlZWUyODlhOTg5ZGU2OTYzMTIzNzUzMQ%3D%3D&login_button=Apply+now&reqsig=1693376527-bc62da5ab87368ab1b7625d8bb64d0fa2893f0ef",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary We’re’ looking for a User Researcher who wants to make a lasting impact on how the Home Office delivers user-centred- products and services. You’ll’ work in an agile,",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1430/user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>We’re looking for<strong> </strong>a<strong> User Researcher </strong>who wants to make a lasting impact on how the Home Office delivers user-centred products and services.</p><p>You’ll work in an agile, multi-disciplinary team in Migration Borders Technology Portfolio on some of the most exciting and impactful services that government delivers for the public, as well as internal systems for more than 35,000 staff across the department.</p><p>Some of the projects you could work on include:</p><ul><li><p>The asylum application process</p></li><li><p>Live services such as visa and immigration products</p></li><li><p>Systems used by Border Force officers</p></li><li><p>Internal caseworking systems</p></li></ul><p>You can learn more about design and research in the Home Office on our blog:</p><ul><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/2021/10/12/establishing-the-home-office-user-research-ethics-board/">Establishing the Home Office User Research Ethics Board</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/2022/07/01/using-cooperative-usability-testing-with-our-expert-users/">Using ‘cooperative usability testing’ with our expert users</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/2019/02/15/psychological-safety-for-researchers/">Psychological safety for researchers</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/2021/11/29/how-inclusive-services-help-us-to-deliver-effectively/">How inclusive services help us to deliver effectively</a></p></li></ul><p>As a User Researcher, you will plan, design and carry out research activities to inform the design of government services and help teams get a deeper understanding of the people that use them. You will develop research plans and approaches for a given service. You will use a range of research methods, including usability testing, contextual interviews, and pop up research, and will carry out rapid analysis that involves the wider team whenever possible.</p><p>You’ll communicate insights from research in engaging and impactful ways to delivery teams and stakeholders to drive change and improve government services.</p><p>We’re looking for people who are collaborative, inclusive, open to their work being critiqued and who are empathetic towards their colleagues and users. A healthy balance of determinism and pragmatism will be needed on our complex services and products.</p><p>If you want to join us in keeping the UK safe and secure and ensuring that our services for migrants and asylum seekers are easier and simpler to use, apply now.</p><p>The first duty of the government is to keep citizens safe and the country secure. The Home Office has been at the front line of this effort since 1782. As such, we play a fundamental role in maintaining the security and economic prosperity of the UK.</p><p>The Home Office leads on immigration and passports, refugee protection, counter-terrorism, policing, fire services, and crime and drugs policy.</p><p>Digital Data and Technology (DDaT) enables the Home Office to keep the UK safe and secure. We design and build the services that help people apply for visas or passports; support policing and counter-terrorism operations; and protect the UK’s borders.</p><p>This is an exciting time to be at the Home Office. You’ll have a chance to shape the future and support our mission to deliver exceptional public services that work for everyone.</p><p>Our work is guided by these principles:</p><ul><li><p>We put user needs first</p></li><li><p>We value delivery and outcomes over process</p></li><li><p>We work in the open</p></li></ul><p>Our flexible working policy ensures a healthy work-life balance. We also nurture talent and offer a broad range of learning and development opportunities that will help you flourish in your role.</p><p>We work hard to maintain a positive working culture and are committed to helping you fulfil your potential. We value diversity and provide an open, inclusive and supportive environment to help you do your best work.</p><p>You can keep up-to-date with our work on the Home Office DDaT blog (<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/">https://hodigital.blog.gov.uk/</a>)</p><h3>Job description</h3><h4>Responsibilities</h4><p>Your main day-to-day responsibilities will include:</p><ul><li><p>Planning, designing and conducting user research and usability testing to understand user needs and behaviours, and support the design and development of government services</p></li><li><p>Turning user research findings into actionable insights that inform the design and development of digital services</p></li><li><p>Leading on research moderation, analysis and generation of outputs</p></li><li><p>Supporting digital delivery teams to build accessible digital services by including participants with access needs and low digital skills in all research</p></li><li><p>Working collaboratively in a multidisciplinary delivery team, including designers and product owners, to define research questions, plan research approach and prioritise findings</p></li></ul><p>You will also be expected to carry out the following day to day activities:</p><ul><li><p>Presenting research findings and related recommendations to team members and stakeholders</p></li><li><p>Managing logistics of research sessions, including planning and scheduling sessions and recruiting participants</p></li></ul><h3>Person specification</h3><h4>Essential skills</h4><p>You’ll have a demonstrable passion for user-centred design, with the following skills or some experience in:</p><ul><li><p>Understanding and applying a range of user research methods correctly for different life cycle phases</p></li><li><p>Clearly articulating to stakeholders the benefits of taking a user-centred approach, based on evidence</p></li><li><p>Applying ethical research standards and practices to ensure the safeguarding and wellbeing of participants and researchers</p></li><li><p>Researching diverse audiences to deliver accessible and inclusive digital services</p></li><li><p>Managing, executing and analysing usability testing to deliver valuable user insights that inform decisions</p></li><li><p>Communicating research findings in a clear and engaging way that drives change</p></li></ul><p>​Our skills align with the cross gov DDaT Capability&nbsp;Framework&nbsp;​​</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://gbr01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fgovernment%2Fcollections%2Fdigital-data-and-technology-profession-capability-framework&amp;data=05%7C01%7CRuth.Christy%40homeoffice.gov.uk%7C66bef17d1b7046b7126b08da8b396c2a%7Cf24d93ecb2914192a08af182245945c2%7C0%7C0%7C637975375996705548%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&amp;sdata=59%2FbKKE16zSWHwlSoPvwS2djOwbZlTymE%2BBjA3DtpOs%3D&amp;reserved=0">Digital, Data and Technology Profession Capability&nbsp;Framework - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk)</a></p><h4>Desirable skills</h4><p>Ideally, you will also have the following skills or some experience in:</p><ul><li><p>Engaging multi-disciplinary teams with a good research process in agile environments</p></li><li><p>Managing workload effectively in response to changing deadlines and priorities</p></li><li><p>Mentoring or coaching more junior User Researchers</p></li><li><p>Familiarity with the Government Service Standard</p></li></ul><p>Candidates reaching the required standard and attending the final interview, will be assessed using technical and experience-based questions. Technical level definitions can be found via&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://www.gov.uk/guidance/user-researcher">www.gov.uk/guidance/user-researcher</a></p><h4>Technical skills</h4><p>We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Research</p></li><li><p>Analysis and synthesis</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £41,600, Home Office contributes £11,232 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><ul><li><p><strong>You’ll be set-up for hybrid working from day one</strong><br>We provide you with an up-to-date MacBook, Office 365 licence as well as access to Optimal, Screenflow and Mural. We work a minimum of 40% if our week in an office (two-days if you are full-time, pro-rata for part-timers) and remote the rest of the week.</p></li><li><p><strong>You can help shape how we do design and research</strong><br>We support our community to become practice leads to pursue work which provides value to the wider community. We currently have practice leads in diversity and inclusion, sustainability, design ethics, and workshopping.</p></li><li><p><strong>You are supported by a government leading UCD Operations Team</strong><br>We have a team of passionate people who help support designers and researchers with tools, recruitment support, professional onboarding, guidance and our research library.</p></li><li><p><strong>Lots of ways to learn and develop</strong><br>In addition to our online training catalogue with O’Reilly and connections with professional training providers, we also offer peer learning, a comprehensive induction, and time to volunteer or do charity work.</p></li></ul><p>You’ll also have access to the same benefits available to all civil servants in the Home Office:</p><ul><li><p>An in-year performance bonus scheme.</p></li><li><p>A Civil Service pension with employer contribution rates of between 26.6% and 30.3%, depending upon salary.</p></li><li><p>25 days annual leave on appointment, plus 8 days public holidays and 1 day for the King’s Birthday, rising further with service.</p></li><li><p>Flexible working options to enable you to achieve the work life balance that right for you including part-time, flexi time and job sharing.</p></li><li><p>Training and development opportunities tailored to your role.</p></li><li><p>A culture encouraging inclusion and diversity.</p></li><li><p>Season ticket loans and rental deposit loans.</p></li><li><p>Cycle to work and payroll giving.</p></li><li><p>Employee discounts - including a huge number of retailers, Microsoft Home Use programme and gym membership.</p></li><li><p>A variety of staff recognition schemes including thank you vouchers.</p></li><li><p>Health and wellbeing initiatives including monthly mindfulness sessions.</p></li><li><p>Staff support networks.</p></li><li><p>Maternity, adoption or shared parental leave of up to 26 weeks full pay followed by 13 weeks of statutory pay and a further 13 weeks unpaid.</p></li><li><p>Maternity and adoption support leave (paternity leave) of 2 weeks full pay.</p></li><li><p>Up to five days paid leave for volunteering.</p></li><li><p>Study leave and support for studying for a qualification or other accredited development relevant to your role.</p></li></ul><p>You can find more information at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://careers.homeoffice.gov.uk/benefits">Benefits - Home Office Careers</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Experience and Technical skills.</p><p>This gives us the best possible chance of finding the right person for the job, drives up performance and improves diversity and inclusivity.</p><p>As part of the application process you will be asked to complete a CV and Personal Statement (Max 750 Word Limit).</p><p>Further details around what this will entail are listed on the application form.</p><p>In the Personal Statement you should give evidence of how you meet the Essential skills criteria listed on the Person specification.</p><p>The sift will be assessed on the CV and Personal Statement.&nbsp;</p><p>Candidates shortlisted will be invited to an interview. At the beginning you will receive a task and have 45 minutes to prepare. You will be asked to conduct a 10 minute presentation based on your task and then asked questions that explore your technical skills and experience.&nbsp;</p><h3>Sift and interview dates</h3><p>The sift will take place week commencing 11th September 2023.</p><p>Interviews are expected to take place from week commencing 9th October 2023.</p><p>You will be invited to attend a video interview on Microsoft Teams</p><p>We will try to meet the dates set out in the advert. There may be occasions when these dates will change. You will be provided with sufficient notice of the confirmed dates.</p><p>Due to time constraints we may not be able to offer alternative interview date(s). It is therefore expected that candidates who are successful at sift stage will make themselves available during the above time frame given.</p><h3>Further Information</h3><p>Please read the essential skills for this position carefully. We will only consider those who meet the listed requirement.&nbsp;</p><p>If you have previously made an unsuccessful application for a role with the same essential skills and are not able to demonstrate how you have developed these skills since your last application please reconsider applying as your application is unlikely to be successful.</p><h3>Reserve list&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p>A location-based reserve list of successful candidates will be kept for 12 months. Should another role become available within that period you may be offered this position. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>UK residency and security requirements &nbsp;</h3><p>For meaningful checks to be carried out, individuals need to have lived in the UK for a sufficient period of time to enable appropriate checks to be carried out and produce a result which provides the required level of assurance. You should normally have been resident in the United Kingdom for the last 3 years if the role requires CTC clearance, 5 years for SC clearance and 10 years for DV.&nbsp; A lack of UK residency in itself is not necessarily a bar to a security clearance and applicants should contact the Vacancy Holder/Recruiting Manager listed in the advert for further advice.</p><p><strong>You need to have lived in the UK for the past 5 years</strong>.&nbsp; This is because this post requires the successful candidate to have Security Check (SC) clearance, and you need to have been a resident in the UK long enough for sufficient checks to take place. These checks will only take place after the job offer has been accepted.</p><h3>Visa sponsorship &nbsp;</h3><p>We are unable to sponsor any individuals via Skilled Worker Sponsorship / Tier 2 (General) work visas as we do not hold a UK Visa &amp; Immigration (UKVI) Skilled Worker License. &nbsp;</p><p>This post is eligible for a DDaT Recruitment Retention Allowance. Successful candidate with exceptional skills and experience may apply for a Recruitment and Retention Allowance up to a maximum of £5,000. This allowance is subject to an initial review within six months of taking up the post and thereafter an annual review in line with the departmental priorities and could be reduced or withdrawn at any time.&nbsp;</p><p>This&nbsp;role can be based in any of the advertised location/regions, with an occasional travel required. You will be located in a regional office and under Home Office hybrid working practices you will be required to attend a Home Office workplace on an average of 40% of your working hours. Successful candidates will be able to obtain further information from their line manager.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Job offers to this post are made on the basis of merit. We often&nbsp;have similar roles available at different grades. If a candidate is suitable for a&nbsp;similar role or a lower grade than they have applied for, we may offer the candidate that role without the need to go through a further selection process providing the role has the same behaviours and essential skills.&nbsp;</p><h3>Working at the Home Office</h3><p>Every day, Home Office civil servants do brilliant work to develop and deliver policies and services that affect the lives of people across the country and beyond. To do this effectively and fairly, the Home Office is committed to representing modern Britain in all its diversity, and creating a welcoming, inclusive workplace where all our people are able to bring their whole selves to work and perform at their best.</p><p>We are flexible, skilled, professional and diverse. We work to recruit and retain disabled staff and area Disability Confident Leader. We are proud to be one of the most ethnically diverse departments in the civil service. We are a Social Mobility Foundation top 75 employer.</p><p>New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.</p><p>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening, subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant's details held on the IFD will be refused employment.</p><p>For further information please see the attached notes for candidates which must be read before making an application.</p><p>Existing Civil Servants should note that some of the Home Office terms and conditions of employment have changed. It is the candidate’s responsibility to ensure they are aware of the Terms and Conditions they will adopt should they be successful in application and should refer to the notes for candidates for further details.</p><p>Transfer Terms: Voluntary.</p><p>If you are invited to an interview you will be required to bring a range of documentation for the purposes of establishing identity and to aid any pre-employment checks.</p><p>Please see the attached list of Home Office acceptable ID documents.</p><p>Any move to the Home Office from another employer will mean you can no longer access childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/">https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk</a></p><h3>Reasonable Adjustments</h3><p>If a person with disabilities is at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes.&nbsp;</p><p>If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:</p><ul><li><p>Contact Government Recruitment Service via HOrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk as soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs</p></li><li><p>Complete the “Assistance Required” section in the “Additional Requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you're deaf, a language service professional</p></li></ul><p>If you are experiencing accessibility problems with any attachments on this advert, please contact the email address in the ‘Contact point for applicants’ section.</p><h3>Feedback</h3><p>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must meet the security requirements before they can be appointed. The level of security needed is <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/national-security-vetting-advice-for-people-who-are-being-vetted">security check (opens in a new window)</a>.<br><br><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/vetting-explained-and-our-vetting-charter/the-vetting-charter">See our vetting charter (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h2>Contact point for applicants</h2><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Ruth Christy</p></li><li><p>Email : OptimusACrecruitment@homeoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : HOrecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h2>Further information</h2><p>If you feel that your application has not been treated in accordance with the recruitment principles, and wish to make a complaint, then you should contact in the first instance HORecruitment.GRS@cabinetoffice.gov.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response that you receive, then you can contact the Civil Service Commission.</p><h2>Attachments</h2><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzIzNzkmdmVyaWZ5PTI2N2VkZTE0MjU4ZTU5N2FlZjg3MTBlMmYwOTY1ZGExJnJlcXNpZz0xNjkzMzc2NTI2LTI5NmYwN2JjOTY0NmE4MGQxZWVlMjg5YTk4OWRlNjk2MzEyMzc1MzE=">Candidate_information_v8.0_May 2023 Opens in new window</a> (docx, 326kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzIzODAmdmVyaWZ5PTQ3ZTJlYmUzNDU0NjQzNTEyNDMxNjQxM2UxYTA4Njk4JnJlcXNpZz0xNjkzMzc2NTI2LTI5NmYwN2JjOTY0NmE4MGQxZWVlMjg5YTk4OWRlNjk2MzEyMzc1MzE=">Pre-employment Checking - Document Requirements (V12) 2023-06-08 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 180kB)</p>
