---
{
	"id": 1447,
	"shortId": "W4H6gl99",
	"uuid": "11388815-dddd-4395-945e-b76e178effe4",
	"title": {
		"original": "Senior User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "Senior User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "senior-user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Senior User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "Senior User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"Senior User Experience Researcher",
				"Senior User Interface Researcher",
				"Senior Usability Researcher",
				"Senior User Experience Designer",
				"Senior User Interface Designer"
			],
			"seniorty": "Senior",
			"seniortyLevel": 4
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-09-05T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-09-18T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Ofgem",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Ofgem_logo.svg",
		"id": 192,
		"shortId": "sWpnneiI",
		"uuid": "093cab54-e373-4d7b-a3ef-92c5154e0398"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Full-time",
				"code": "FULL_TIME",
				"type": "hours"
			},
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Full-time, Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Full-time, Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£43,650 - £59,999",
		"textDescription": "£43,650 - £59,999",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 43650,
		"maxValue": 59999
	},
	"tags": [
		"senior"
	],
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZwYWdlY2xhc3M9QXBwbHkmamNvZGU9MTg3NDU5NSZicmFuZF9pZD0wJmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjY3MjM0P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmYXBwbHlfbm93PTE%3D&login_button=Apply+now",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary As Great Britain’s’ regulator for the energy industry, Ofgem exists to ensure a safe, secure and sustainable energy supply to British households and businesses. We are",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1447/senior-user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>As Great Britain’s regulator for the energy industry, Ofgem exists to ensure a safe, secure and&nbsp;sustainable energy supply to British households and businesses.</p><p>We are currently looking for an experienced Senior User Researcher to work as a part of the Heat Networks team, responsible for shaping and implementing the future regulatory regime for heat networks. Reporting to the Head of Heat Networks Implementation, you will be responsible for designing and delivering the user research activities required to support the delivery of a new digital service to support heat network regulation, and potentially other major projects from within the Ofgem portfolio.</p><p>These new, high profile projects will offer the opportunity to work alongside a driven team and senior stakeholders to influence decision making. You will be supported in your professional development by our DDaT profession within Ofgem. This role will require a collaborative approach, working with colleagues both within Ofgem and with any co-sourcing partners we may be working with. The successful candidate will have extensive user research experience and a pragmatic approach that balances the need for governance and rigour.</p><p>Our desired candidate will have demonstrable experience of developing and delivering user research strategies and plans for complex digital projects, and delivering timely results. Strong analytical and problem solving skills will aid in quickly developing recommendations based on quantitative and qualitative evidence. Experience of the different tools and techniques involved in user research is also required in order to understand strengths and limitations of different methods, and when to use them correctly.</p><p>This is an exciting opportunity to take on a new role with passionate and talented colleagues delivering strategically important work for the energy sector, as you work flexibly in order to collaborate with colleagues from a range of backgrounds and expertise.</p><p>Ofgem offers incredibly flexible working practices, enabling you to manage your work/life&nbsp;balance successfully. There is also a great culture, with an approachable and friendly senior&nbsp;leadership team who are there to support you in your role.</p><p>If you’re keen to take on the challenge of shaping the future for energy consumers and feel your management and communication skills are a good fit for this role, then we want to hear from you.</p><p>Ofgem has a culture of inclusion that encourages, supports and celebrates the diverse voices&nbsp;and experiences of our colleagues. It fuels our innovation and helps ensure we can best&nbsp;represent the consumers and the communities we serve. Everyone is welcome - as an inclusive&nbsp;workplace, our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work.</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>The Heat Networks team is responsible for shaping and implementing the future regulatory regime for heat networks. Ofgem will be responsible for regulating the heat networks market when the necessary legislation is in place. We provide advice and expertise to Government on the detailed design of the new regulatory arrangements. The Heat Networks team is also making preparations for Ofgem’s future oversight role, including how we will monitor the market, work with stakeholders and deliver our new functions.&nbsp;</p><p>The scale of change needed as the market transitions to statutory regulation means that team members have exposure to unique regulatory and delivery challenges and must engage with a broad range of stakeholders to find solutions. The heat network industry has many players (large corporate entities, small privately run heat suppliers, local authorities, housing associations, billing and customer service providers), and the team will have to engage with all of them in order to develop a regulatory regime that meets the needs of customers, industry and the regulator.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Ofgem is developing a digital platform to facilitate regulation and deliver a range of functionality to enable Ofgem and regulated parties to interact with each other through activities such as authorisation, licencing, ongoing monitoring submissions and payments.&nbsp; The service will need to meet GDS service standards and be subject to relevant assessments.&nbsp;</p><p>Ofgem is seeking to recruit a Senior User Researcher with experience the design and delivery of complex transactional services ideally in regulatory environment.&nbsp; Reporting to the Heat of Heat Networks Implementation Principal User Researcher you will be responsible for designing and delivering the user research activities required to deliver the heat networks digital service and potentially other major projects from within the Ofgem portfolio.&nbsp;</p><p>This role will require a collaborative approach in working with colleagues both within Ofgem and with any co-sourcing partners we may be working with. The right candidate will have extensive user research experience and a pragmatic approach that balances the need for governance and rigour, while not over-burdening stakeholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>This is an exciting opportunity to work at the core of a motivated team, with passionate and talented colleagues delivering strategically important work for the energy sector. We use Agile project management tools to help us deliver across various fast-moving workstreams; the ability to work at pace is essential. It will also require flexibility, and the ability to collaborate with colleagues from a range of backgrounds and expertise.</p><h3>Person specification</h3><h4>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</h4><ul><li><p>Lead the development, delivery and be an advocate for an appropriate user research strategy to engage with and understand the needs of the diverse range of stakeholders who will interact with the heat network digital platform.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Help embed a culture of team involvement in user research, team analysis, design rationale and decision making based on user needs.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Plan, design, prepare and run user research activities to support the design, development and continuous improvement of digital products and services (including activities such as contextual discovery, experience mapping, diary studies, early stage concept and prototype testing, lab based and contextual usability and accessibility testing).&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Design and run contextual and discovery research to develop a deep understanding of the needs of all users of a service.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Ensure research is shareable and traceable through research data analysis and synthesis of findings.</p></li><li><p>Effectively communicate user research findings to the team and the wider organisation, so that they share a strong and empathetic understanding of their users (including presentations at show and tells, designing and maintaining research outputs on the team wall, formal reports).</p></li><li><p>Work closely with designers and developers to turn user research findings into stories and actions that lead to valuable product and service features.</p></li><li><p>Work closely with analytics colleagues to define user centred KPIs, to create a rich picture of user behaviour to tell the full story of how and why people use our services</p></li><li><p>Develop and manage relationships with external individuals and organisations</p></li><li><p>Embrace agile approaches to working.</p></li><li><p>Work closely with other researchers in the Customer and behavioural Insights team to help build knowledge, skills and capability in user research within the wider team.&nbsp; &nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Contribute to the development of a strategic approach for user research in Ofgem – help identify and prioritise areas of need, and co-ordinate activity across other projects areas.</p></li><li><p>Work within departmental procurement guidelines to source and procure participants and facilities in order to conduct user research activities as required.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h4>Essential Criteria&nbsp;</h4><ul><li><p>Experience of developing and delivering user research strategies and plans for complex digital projects within an Agile framework (LEAD)&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Educated to degree level in a relevant discipline or with equivalent experience in user research&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Excellent analytical and problem solving skills, and the ability to quickly develop recommendations based on quantitative and qualitative evidence.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Strong understanding and experience of the different tools and techniques of user research. Understands the strengths and limitations of different methods and when to use them correctly.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Understands the diversity of users for services and the need to make services usable and accessible for everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Understands and has experience of user centred design practices and knows how to embed them into an agile workflow to deliver timely findings.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Ability to align user research activities to inform decision making and action.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Ability to communicate user research findings in a wide variety of formats and contexts, and in engaging and persuasive ways.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h4>Desirable Criteria&nbsp;</h4><ul><li><p>Experience in a policy and/or legislative environment&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Government Digital Service experience&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h3>Behaviours</h3><p>We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Delivering at Pace</p></li><li><p>Changing and Improving</p></li><li><p>Making Effective Decisions</p></li><li><p>Working Together</p></li></ul><h3>Technical skills</h3><p>We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Please refer to the Candidate Pack attached for full details</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £43,650, OFGEM contributes £11,785 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><p>Ofgem can offer you a comprehensive and competitive benefits package which includes; 30 days annual leave after 2 years; Excellent training and development opportunities; The opportunity to join the generous Civil Service pension which also includes a valuable range of benefits; Hybrid working (currently 1 day a week in the office but is in review), flexible working hours and family friendly policies. Plus lots of other benefits including clean and bright offices based centrally, engaged networks and teams and an opportunity to contribute to our ambitious and important targets of establishing a Net Zero energy system by 2050. This exciting blend of professional challenge and personal reward identifies career opportunities at Ofgem as something to get excited about.</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.</p><p>When you press the ‘Apply now’ button, you will be asked to complete personal details (not seen by the sift panel), your career history and qualifications.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>You will then be asked to provide a 1250 word ‘personal statement’ evidencing how you meet the essential and desirable skills and capabilities listed in the role profile. Please ensure you demonstrate clearly, within your supporting statement, how you meet each of the essential and desirable skills and capabilities.&nbsp;</p><p><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>The Civil Service welcomes applications from people who have recently left prison or have an unspent conviction. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civil-service-careers.gov.uk/prison-leaver-recruitment/">Read more about prison leaver recruitment (opens in new window)</a>.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h2>Contact point for applicants</h2><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Jen Hughes</p></li><li><p>Email : recruitment@ofgem.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : recruitment@ofgem.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h2>Attachments</h2><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzQxNjAmdmVyaWZ5PTdhODllZjk4MGE5YWJiOTJiMGM0MTBlMmNjZjNkMmEz">Role Profile - Senior User Researcher 2B Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 115kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzQxNjEmdmVyaWZ5PWM0MTdjNGMwZGEyOGNjMjA0OGNlM2ZmM2FmMGI2MjJj">Digital and Data candidate pack_Senior User Researcher_311872 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 1257kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzQxNjImdmVyaWZ5PThiN2NmZDIzN2MxMzBjOGZlNzkzYjA2MDU4NzI4MjQ4">Terms and Conditions Aug 23 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 319kB)</p>
