---
{
	"id": 1448,
	"shortId": "wJoVaQ1n",
	"uuid": "0c5062b0-e8fb-4339-983b-abab9cd33aff",
	"title": {
		"original": "User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"User Experience Researcher",
				"Usability Researcher",
				"User Interface Researcher",
				"User Research Analyst",
				"User Research Consultant"
			],
			"seniortyLevel": 3
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-09-05T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-09-18T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Department for Education",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Department-for-Education.svg",
		"twitter": "educationgovuk",
		"id": 790,
		"shortId": "1Z92K0m8",
		"uuid": "c9f0ad19-8ab8-453a-a0ee-ec12c9a77baa"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£39,483-£43,325",
		"textDescription": "£39,483 - £43,325",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 39483,
		"maxValue": 43325
	},
	"tags": [
		"mid"
	],
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=YXBwbHlfbm93PTEmamNvZGU9MTg3NDY3NiZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZvd25lcj01MDcwMDAwJmJyYW5kX2lkPTAmcG9zdGluZ19jb2RlPTAmcGFnZWNsYXNzPUFwcGx5JmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjY3MzM3P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmcmVxc2lnPTE2OTM5MTI1OTItZmYxZjEzNDgzYjA4N2M5ZTYxYzdmYmEyMGJiMjdiMTllYjk0OTc3NQ%3D%3D&login_button=Apply+now&reqsig=1693912593-655bc3e1ddd8d2e38c1139f88eca7909c9c8c1eb",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary We encourage applications from a diverse range of candidates    At DfE, we are proud of the commitment we make to diversity and inclusion and of the progress we have made.",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1448/user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p><strong>We encourage applications from a diverse range of candidates </strong> &nbsp;</p><p>At DfE, we are proud of the commitment we make to diversity and inclusion and of the progress we have made. We have active &amp; vibrant staff networks, special leave policies and workplace adjustments put in place for those who need them. We are continuing to build a diverse DfE, in an inclusive environment which nurtures and realises potential in all, at all levels.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-for-education/about/equality-and-diversity">Equality and Diversity - Department for Education</a>&nbsp;</p><p>These are exciting times at the Department for Education. In 2023, we will continue to build services for all our users – children, adults, and those in social care.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Our diverse and inclusive culture reflects the society we live in. This helps us to achieve better outcomes for all our users.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We work in multi-disciplinary teams using Agile methods to innovate and radically improve services that:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Raise education standards and provide the best start in life for children&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Support disadvantaged and vulnerable children and young people&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Drive economic growth</p></li></ul><h3>Job description</h3><p>As part of the Customer Experience and Design Division, you will be transforming the way government works for citizens and learners of all ages, as well as businesses and educators. &nbsp;</p><p>We work across all areas of the Department for Education, using User Centred Design to solve the biggest problems for users.</p><p>We are looking for a User Researcher to join our friendly and ambitious multi-disciplinary agile team. You will work with analysts, product managers, designers, delivery managers and content specialists to directly deliver better outcomes for our internal and external users.</p><h3>Person specification</h3><p>User researchers at Department for Education plan, design and carry out research activities with users that help teams get a deep understanding of the people that use our services, across education and social care. This research informs our policy, proposition, service, content and interaction design so that services work well for users and meet our policy intent.</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://user-research.education.gov.uk/">Read more about user research at Department for Education</a></p><p>As a user researcher you will usually be embedded in a multidisciplinary team, responsible for planning and carrying out user research activities. You will be expected to work independently on a team. You will:</p><ul><li><p>Plan and lead user research activities in a team</p></li><li><p>Recruit and moderate interviews with users, and lead team analysis sessions</p></li><li><p>Write, script and run quantitative surveys, analyse data, creating engaging presentations of results</p></li><li><p>Deliver user research insights at pace</p></li><li><p>Research inclusively with a wide range of users, including those with additional needs and other hard-to-reach groups</p></li><li><p>Effectively communicate user research findings to the team and the wider organisation, to influence decision making</p></li><li><p>Be part of the DfE user research community</p></li></ul><h2>Essential Criteria</h2><p><strong>Applicants will be assessed against the following essential criteria during the sift. It is important that, through your CV and Statement of Suitability, you provide evidence and examples of proven experience for each of the five essential criteria bullets detailed below. If applicant numbers are excessive, sifting will be done only using the first two criteria bullets.</strong></p><p>As part of the selection process, we are looking for people who can demonstrate experience of<strong>:</strong>&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p><strong>Research methods and planning. </strong>Ability to plan and deliver user research, using appropriate methods, working in a multi-disciplinary team.</p></li><li><p><strong>Analysis and synthesis. </strong>Ability to analyse and synthesise quantitative and qualitative data, involving your team, and presenting clear and actionable findings.</p></li><li><p><strong>Inclusive research. </strong>Researching with a wide range of users, including users with additional needs and other hard-to-reach groups.</p></li><li><p><strong>Ethics and safeguarding. </strong>Research ethics and how to keep participants, teams and yourself safe in research, and how to get advice on these topics.</p></li><li><p><strong>Research leadership. </strong>Helping a team adopt user-centred practices, and ensuring user insight informs team decisions.</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>At the Department for Education we offer:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>An environment with flexible working options, such as job sharing, term-time working, flexitime and compressed hours.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>As an organisation which exists to support education and lifelong learning, we offer our staff excellent professional development opportunities which are tailored to your role.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>As our work represents the whole of our population, the only way we can provide effective services is by being an inclusive and diverse organisation. We are passionate about maintaining an open and positive working culture.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>A generous annual leave allowance of 25 days leave, increasing by 1 day every year to a maximum of 30 days after five years’ service. In addition, all staff receive the King’s Birthday privilege holiday and 8 days’ bank and public holidays.</p></li><li><p>Paid special leave for volunteering.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>A wide variety of staff support networks including a Women's Network, BAME Network, Wellbeing Network, and many more.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>As a member of the DfE, you will be entitled to join the highly competitive Civil Service Pension Scheme, which many experts agree is one of the most generous in the UK. For further information on these schemes please refer to the following website: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/">Home - Civil Service Pension Scheme</a>&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Being a member of the Department for Education will give you access to schemes offering discount on various amenities including groceries, sports &amp; activity groups and gym memberships.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Cycle to Work scheme and loans towards bicycle purchase.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Most DfE employees will be working a hybrid pattern, spending at least 60% of their time in an office or work setting. Changes to these working arrangements are available in exceptional circumstances, but must be agreed with the line manager and in line with the requirements of the role.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Travel to your primary office location will not be paid for by DfE, but costs for travel to an office which is not your main location will be covered.</p></li><li><p>Applicants currently holding a permanent post in the Civil Service should note that, if successful, their salary on appointment would be determined by the Department’s transfer/promotion policies.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p><strong>Stage 1: Application</strong>&nbsp;</p><p>If you would like to apply for this position, please complete the Civil Service Jobs application form by clicking the "apply now" button at the top or bottom of this advert.&nbsp;</p><p>You will be required to provide details of:-&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p><strong>Your CV:</strong> Set out your career history, highlighting specific responsibilities and achievements that are relevant for this role. You should refer to the essential criteria listed in this advert and<strong> </strong>provide evidence and examples of proven experience for each of the essential criteria.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>A Statement of Suitability:</strong> In no more than 1,000 words, provide examples to explain how your personal skills, qualities and experience demonstrate your suitability for the role. You should refer to the essential criteria listed in this advert and<strong> </strong>provide evidence and examples of proven experience for each of the essential criteria.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></li></ul><p><strong>Please note, CV details must be contained within the template on the application form. Any CV or Statement of Suitability that has been emailed to our team will not be considered.</strong><br>&nbsp;<br><strong>Stage 2: Sift</strong>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>At sift stage, your application will be assessed on how your CV and Statement of Suitability align to the essential criteria listed in this advert. If applicant numbers are excessive, sifting will be done only using the first two essential criteria bullets.</p><p>Candidates successful at sift stage will be invited to an interview.&nbsp;</p><p>We receive many applications and unfortunately we’re unable to provide feedback for candidates who aren’t shortlisted.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Stage 3: Interview</strong>&nbsp;</p><p>Interviews will consist of a 60 minute blended interview, focusing on&nbsp;<strong>Experience</strong>.&nbsp;</p><p>Interviews will be conducted via Microsoft Teams. If you are invited to interview, please ensure that you have access to this software and that you have your video turned on. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>If invited to interview you will be asked to complete a presentation task. Full details of the task will be sent to you ahead of your interview.</strong></p><h4>Key dates&nbsp;</h4><p>Advert Closes: 18 September 2023&nbsp;</p><p>Sift: likely to take place w/c 18 September 2023&nbsp;</p><p>Interviews: likely to take place w/c 9 October 2023&nbsp;</p><p>These dates are for guidance only and could be subject to change.&nbsp;</p><h4>Other Information</h4><p>We reserve the right to raise the minimum pass mark in the event of a high volume or strong field of candidates.</p><p>Please be aware that this role can only be worked in the UK from the location options provided and not from overseas.</p><p>The government is committed to supporting apprenticeships, enabling people to learn and progress in a role whilst earning. We want to monitor the number of people who have completed apprenticeships who are now applying to progress further in their career and are asking this question to all candidates, on all vacancies. You will be asked a question as part of the application process about any previous apprenticeships you have completed. Your response to this question will not affect your application and it is not a requirement of the role to have completed a previous apprenticeship.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>DfE cannot offer Visa sponsorship to candidates through this campaign. DfE holds a Visa sponsorship licence but this can only be used for certain roles and this campaign does not qualify.</p><p>If successful and transferring from another Government Department a criminal record check maybe carried out.</p><p>In order to process applications without delay, we will be sending a Criminal Record Check to Disclosure and Barring Service on your behalf. However, we recognise in exceptional circumstance some candidates will want to send their completed forms direct. If you will be doing this, please advise Department of Education of your intention by emailing <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:Pre-Employment.Checks.DFE@education.gov.uk">Pre-Employment.Checks.DFE@education.gov.uk</a> stating the job reference number in the subject heading.</p><p>Department for Education do not cover the cost of travel to your interview/assessment unless otherwise stated.</p><p>A reserve list may be held for a period of 6 months from which further appointments can be made.</p><p>Candidates will be posted in merit order based upon location preference. Where more than one location is advertised you will be asked to state your preferred location.</p><p>New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.&nbsp;</p><p>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment.</p><h4>Terms and conditions of candidates transferring from ALBs and NDPBs</h4><p>Bodies that are not accredited by the Civil Service Commission and are not able to advertise at Across Government on Civil Service jobs will be treated as external new starters and will come into DfE on modernised terms and conditions with a salary at the band minimum.</p><p>Bodies that are accredited by the Civil Service Commission but do not have civil service status will be offered modernised terms and will not have continuous service recognised for leave or sickness benefits. Salaries should be offered at band minimum, but there is some flexibility where this would cause a detriment to the individual.</p><p>Bodies that are accredited by the Civil Service Commission and do have Civil Service status will be treated as OGD transfers. Staff appointed on lateral transfer will move on to pre-modernised DfE terms (unless they were on modernised terms in their previous organisation). Staff appointed on promotion will move on to modernised DfE terms. Staff will transfer over on their existing salary (on lateral transfer) and any pay above the DfE pay band maximum will be paid as a mark time allowance. Staff moving on promotion will have their salaries calculated using the principles set out in the attached OGD transfer supplementary information.</p><h4>Reasonable adjustment</h4><h4>If a person with disabilities is put at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes. If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:</h4><p>Contact Department of Education via <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:centralrecruitment.operations@education.gov.uk">centralrecruitment.operations@education.gov.uk</a> soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs.</p><p>Complete the “Assistance required” section in the “Additional requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you’re deaf, a Language Service Professional.</p><p>Any move to Department for Education (DfE) will mean you will no longer be able to carry on claiming childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax-Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/">https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/</a>&nbsp;<br><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Customer Experience and Design Division</p></li><li><p>Email : CustomerExperience.RECRUITMENT@education.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : AdvertsRecruitment.DFE@education.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>The Department for Education’s recruitment processes are underpinned by the Civil Service Commissioners Recruitment Principles, which outlines that selection for appointment is made on merit based on fair and open competition. You have the right to complain if you feel a department has breached the requirement of the Recruitment Principles. In the first instance, you should raise the matter directly with the department concerned via CentralRecruitment.Operations@education.gov.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response, you may bring your complaint to the Commission. For further information on bringing a complaint to the Civil Service Commission please visit their <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-complaints/">web pages</a></p><h3>Attachments</h3><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzQyNjImdmVyaWZ5PWU3MjE0YjlhY2Q2NmRhMGZkYWVhMDE4YTVlOWYzNzlkJnJlcXNpZz0xNjkzOTEyNTkyLWZmMWYxMzQ4M2IwODdjOWU2MWM3ZmJhMjBiYjI3YjE5ZWI5NDk3NzU=">DfE Terms &amp; Conditions Opens in new window</a> (docx, 23kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExMzQyNjMmdmVyaWZ5PWM5YWIxMjYxYjM1NjRhM2YwZThlZjYwZDNiMTg5MmEzJnJlcXNpZz0xNjkzOTEyNTkyLWZmMWYxMzQ4M2IwODdjOWU2MWM3ZmJhMjBiYjI3YjE5ZWI5NDk3NzU=">OGD Transfer Supplementary Information Opens in new window</a> (docx, 53kB)</p>
