---
{
	"id": 1496,
	"shortId": "Dn97SGJ3",
	"uuid": "05ff94d9-eb67-4564-ae30-0ce370b400d8",
	"title": {
		"original": "User Researcher",
		"textDescription": "User Researcher",
		"urlSlug": "user-researcher",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "User Researcher",
			"expandedTitle": "User Researcher",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"User Experience Researcher",
				"Usability Researcher",
				"User Interface Researcher",
				"User Research Analyst",
				"User Research Manager"
			],
			"seniortyLevel": 3
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-10-04T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-11-15T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Department for Education",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Department-for-Education.svg",
		"twitter": "educationgovuk",
		"id": 790,
		"shortId": "1Z92K0m8",
		"uuid": "c9f0ad19-8ab8-453a-a0ee-ec12c9a77baa"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£39,483",
		"textDescription": "£39,483",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 39483,
		"maxValue": 39483
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2023-10-06T05:44:37.722Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/jobs.cgi?jcode=1879740"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=cGFnZWNsYXNzPUFwcGx5JmFwcGx5X3VybD1odHRwczovL2NzaHIudGFsLm5ldC92eC9sYW5nLWVuLUdCL2FwcGNlbnRyZS0xMS9jYW5kaWRhdGUvcG9zdGluZ3MvMjcyNzI2P2luc3RhbnQ9YXBwbHkmYnJhbmRfaWQ9MCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZwb3N0aW5nX2NvZGU9MCZqY29kZT0xODc5NzQwJmFwcGx5X25vdz0xJm93bmVyPTUwNzAwMDA%3D&login_button=Apply+now",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary We encourage applications from a diverse range of candidates   At DfE, we are proud of the commitment we make to diversity and inclusion and of the progress we have made.",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1496/user-researcher",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p><strong>We encourage applications from a diverse range of candidates </strong>&nbsp;</p><p>At DfE, we are proud of the commitment we make to diversity and inclusion and of the progress we have made. We have active &amp; vibrant staff networks, special leave policies and workplace adjustments put in place for those who need them. We are continuing to build a diverse DfE, in an inclusive environment which nurtures and realises potential in all, at all levels.</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-for-education/about/equality-and-diversity">Equality and Diversity - Department for Education</a></p><p>Our department is responsible for education, children’s social services, higher and further education policy, education, apprenticeships and wider skills in England. We work to ensure opportunity is equal for all, no matter your background or family circumstances.&nbsp;</p><p>These are exciting times at the DfE. We’re transforming how government makes policy, products and data services to modernise our capabilities and deliver better outcomes for all.</p><h3>Our Division</h3><p>Teacher Services is&nbsp;an empowered cross cutting division supporting digital services across multiple areas within the two Teacher Workforce Directorates:-&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Candidates, Trainees, Strategy, Portfolio and Analysis (CaTSPA)</p></li><li><p>Teachers and Tutors (TaT)</p></li></ul><p>These directorates are part of the Schools Group led by our Director General (DG) Juliet Chua.&nbsp;</p><p>We are an empowered, multidisciplinary team with a passion for delivering digital services to provide more great teachers. We have strategic oversight over the whole digital teaching journey from becoming a teacher&nbsp;to continued professional development. We focus on how digital services, combined with bold policy making, can solve problems in teacher recruitment, retention, professional development, and more.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br><br>We bring together policy and delivery to build effective user-centred services. You can read about our teacher retention ambitions in our <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/teacher-recruitment-and-retention-strategy">teacher recruitment and retention strategy.</a></p><p>You can read more about our strategy and the work that we do on the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://dfedigital.blog.gov.uk/">DfE digital and technology blog.</a></p><h3>Job description</h3><p>User researchers at Department for Education plan, design and carry out research activities with users that help teams get a deep understanding of the people that use our services, across education and social care. This research informs our policy, proposition, service, content and interaction design so that services work well for users and meet our policy intent.&nbsp;</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://user-research.education.gov.uk/">Read more about user research at Department for Education</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>Person specification</h3><p>We are looking for<strong> </strong>two user researchers to join our community of digital specialists to help deliver more great teachers and value for money.</p><p>As a user researcher you will usually be embedded in a multidisciplinary team, responsible for planning and carrying out user research activities. You will be expected to work independently&nbsp;as the only researcher on the team. Working alongside design, technical, analytical, product delivery and policy specialists. You will:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Plan and lead user research activities in a team&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Deliver user research insights at pace&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Research inclusively with a wide range of users, including those with additional needs and other hard-to-reach groups&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Effectively communicate user research findings to the team and the wider organisation, to influence decision making&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Champion user research and user centred design principles in the organisation&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Actively contribute to the DfE user research community&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h3>Essential Criteria</h3><p>We will assess you on the below essential criteria during the selection process. Should we receive a large volume of applications we will only assess you on the first essential criteria. Please demonstrate your experience of the following:-</p><ul><li><p><strong>Research methods and planning</strong>. Ability to plan and deliver user research, using appropriate methods, working in a multi-disciplinary team&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Analysis and synthesis</strong>. Ability to analyse and synthesise quantitative and qualitative data, involving your team, and presenting clear and actionable findings&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Inclusive research</strong>. Experience of researching with a wide range of users, including users with additional needs and other hard-to-reach groups&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Ethics and safeguarding in research</strong>. Awareness of research ethics and how to keep participants, teams and yourself safe in research, and how to get advice on these topics&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Research leadership</strong>. Helping a team adopt user-centred practices, and ensuring user insight informs the team’s decisions&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h3>Desirable Criteria</h3><p>The following desirable criteria will only be assessed in the event of a tie break situation to make an informed decision:-</p><ul><li><p><strong>Agile working</strong>. Experience of delivering user research in agile digital delivery/product teams&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Research in Government</strong>. Experience of delivering research in a public sector organisation&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>Coaching, mentoring and supervising</strong>. Developing junior colleagues, supporting their professional development, and advising on and assuring their work&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><ul><li><p><strong>Flexible working options</strong>, such as job sharing, term-time working, flexitime and compressed hours.</p></li><li><p><strong>Professional development</strong> opportunities&nbsp;to support education and lifelong learning&nbsp;which are tailored to your role.</p></li><li><p><strong>An inclusive and diverse</strong> community&nbsp;to maintain an open and positive working culture.</p></li><li><p><strong>Twenty five days annual leave</strong>,&nbsp;increasing by one day every year to a maximum of&nbsp;thirty days&nbsp;after five years’ service.</p></li><li><p><strong>Sovereign's Birthday</strong>&nbsp;may be taken as one additional day of annual leave.</p></li><li><p><strong>Eight</strong> national bank holidays.</p></li><li><p><strong>Paid&nbsp;special leave</strong>&nbsp;for volunteering.</p></li><li><p><strong>Staff support networks</strong> including a Women's Network, BAME Network and Well Being Network.</p></li><li><p><strong>Civil Service Pension Scheme</strong>&nbsp;access, which experts agree is one of the most generous in the UK. Further information&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/"><strong>here.</strong></a></p></li><li><p><strong>Cycle to Work scheme</strong>&nbsp;and loans towards bicycle purchase.</p></li><li><p><strong>Discount </strong>on various amenities and household bills&nbsp;including groceries, sports &amp; activity groups, and gym memberships.</p></li></ul><p>Most DfE employees will be working a hybrid pattern, spending at least 60% of their time in an office or work setting. Changes to these working arrangements are available in exceptional circumstances, but must be agreed with the line manager and in line with the requirements of the role. Travel to your primary office location will not be paid for by DfE, but costs for travel to an office which is not your main location will be covered.</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p><em>Please read the information in this section carefully.<br><br></em><strong>Key Dates:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Close: Sun 15th Oct&nbsp; 23:55</p></li><li><p>Sift: from W/C Mon 16th Oct</p></li><li><p>Interview: likely to be from W/C Mon 6th Nov&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p><em>These dates are for guidance only and may be subject to change.</em>&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>All communications regarding this vacancy will be updated on your Civil Service Jobs account and sent to you via email. It is important to regularly check for updates on your CS Jobs account and especially in your spam/junk email folders.</p></li><li><p>Please make sure you download or print a copy of the advert BEFORE it closes as it will contain important information on the selection process and how you will be assessed. Once the vacancy closes, you won’t be able to access this information again.</p></li><li><p>Your application does not need to be completed in one sitting. You can save your progress, close down your application mid-way through and return to it at a later date. To find your application again, sign in to your Civil Service Jobs account and select "Applications".</p></li><li><p>Details of your CV and application <em>must</em> be contained within the application form template; any CV or statement of suitability sent to us as an email or attachment will not be considered.</p></li><li><p>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview.</p></li></ul><p>There will be <strong>three stages</strong> to the recruitment process for this role.&nbsp;</p><h4>Stage 1: Application</h4><h4>To apply for this position, please complete the application form by clicking the "apply now" button at the top or bottom of this page. You will be required to provide a <strong>CV </strong>and&nbsp;a <strong>personal statement.</strong></h4><ul><li><p><strong>CV</strong>:- Set out your career history, highlighting specific responsibilities and achievements that are relevant for this role and how they align with the essential criteria. There is no word limit for this section. Start with your most current employment details first and please format as follows:-<br></p><ul><li><p>Name of Employer - Job Title - Dates Worked</p></li><li><p>Key Achievements:-</p></li><li><p>Responsibilities:-</p></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Personal statement:</strong>- (Maximum&nbsp; 1000 words) Please provide examples of how your personal skills, qualities and experience meet the essential criteria. This is not intended to be a cover letter, instead work through each essential criteria in turn. You may wish to follow the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://nationalcareers.service.gov.uk/careers-advice/interview-advice/the-star-method"><strong>STAR</strong></a><strong> </strong>technique to help focus your examples. The key things we are looking for are what you did, how you did it and what the outcome was. Desirable criteria will only be assessed at interview stage in the event of a tie break situation.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h4>Stage 2:- Sift:</h4><p>At sift stage, your application will be assessed by the interview panel who will review your Experience. This will be scored holistically by assessing your CV and personal statement on how well your experience meets each of essential criteria.&nbsp;If we receive a large volume of applications, we will only assess you on the first<strong>&nbsp;</strong>essential criteria&nbsp;Candidates successful at sift stage will be invited to an interview.</p><h4>Stage 3:- Interview:</h4><p>You will be interviewed by a panel which will last for approximately 60 minutes. The panel will ask you questions focusing on your Experience and how well you are able to demonstrate your suitability for the role in alignment to the essential criteria.<br><br>You also be required to complete a short task prior to your interview and present your findings to the panel. The details of this task will be communicated at a later stage of the recruitment process.&nbsp;</p><p>Interviews will held virtually&nbsp;via<em> Microsoft Teams</em>. Please make sure you have access to this software and have your <em>camera turned on</em> during your interview in the event of the interview being virtual.</p><p>If you have any questions regarding the selection or application process, please do not hesitate to contact <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:%20teacher.services@education.gov.uk.">teacher.services@education.gov.uk.</a></p><h4>Other Information</h4><h4>We reserve the right to raise the minimum pass mark in the event of a high volume or strong field of candidates.</h4><p>Please be aware that this role can only be worked in the UK from the location options provided and not from overseas.</p><p>The government is committed to supporting apprenticeships, enabling people to learn and progress in a role whilst earning. We want to monitor the number of people who have completed apprenticeships who are now applying to progress further in their career and are asking this question to all candidates, on all vacancies. You will be asked a question as part of the application process about any previous apprenticeships you have completed. Your response to this question will not affect your application and it is not a requirement of the role to have completed a previous apprenticeship.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>DfE cannot offer Visa sponsorship to candidates through this campaign. DfE holds a Visa sponsorship licence but this can only be used for certain roles and this campaign does not qualify.</p><p>If successful and transferring from another Government Department a criminal record check maybe carried out.</p><p>In order to process applications without delay, we will be sending a Criminal Record Check to Disclosure and Barring Service on your behalf. However, we recognise in exceptional circumstance some candidates will want to send their completed forms direct. If you will be doing this, please advise Department of Education of your intention by emailing <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:Pre-Employment.Checks.DFE@education.gov.uk">Pre-Employment.Checks.DFE@education.gov.uk</a> stating the job reference number in the subject heading.</p><p>Department for Education do not cover the cost of travel to your interview/assessment unless otherwise stated.</p><p>A reserve list may be held for a period of 6 months from which further appointments can be made.</p><p>Candidates will be posted in merit order based upon location preference. Where more than one location is advertised you will be asked to state your preferred location.</p><p>New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.&nbsp;</p><p>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment.</p><h4>Terms and conditions of candidates transferring from ALBs and NDPBs</h4><p>Bodies that are not accredited by the Civil Service Commission and are not able to advertise at Across Government on Civil Service jobs will be treated as external new starters and will come into DfE on modernised terms and conditions with a salary at the band minimum.</p><p>Bodies that are accredited by the Civil Service Commission but do not have civil service status will be offered modernised terms and will not have continuous service recognised for leave or sickness benefits. Salaries should be offered at band minimum, but there is some flexibility where this would cause a detriment to the individual.</p><p>Bodies that are accredited by the Civil Service Commission and do have Civil Service status will be treated as OGD transfers. Staff appointed on lateral transfer will move on to pre-modernised DfE terms (unless they were on modernised terms in their previous organisation). Staff appointed on promotion will move on to modernised DfE terms. Staff will transfer over on their existing salary (on lateral transfer) and any pay above the DfE pay band maximum will be paid as a mark time allowance. Staff moving on promotion will have their salaries calculated using the principles set out in the attached OGD transfer supplementary information.</p><h3>Reasonable adjustment</h3><p>If a person with disabilities is put at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes. If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:</p><p>Contact Department of Education via <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:centralrecruitment.operations@education.gov.uk">centralrecruitment.operations@education.gov.uk</a> soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs.</p><p>Complete the “Assistance required” section in the “Additional requirements” page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you’re deaf, a Language Service Professional.</p><p>Any move to Department for Education (DfE) will mean you will no longer be able to carry on claiming childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax-Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility at <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/">https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/</a></p><p>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h2>Security</h2><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h2>Nationality requirements</h2><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h2>Working for the Civil Service</h2><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Ashlee McMahon</p></li><li><p>Email : teacher.services@education.gov.uk.</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : AdvertsRecruitment.DFE@education.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>The Department for Education’s recruitment processes are underpinned by the Civil Service Commissioners Recruitment Principles, which outlines that selection for appointment is made on merit based on fair and open competition. You have the right to complain if you feel a department has breached the requirement of the Recruitment Principles. In the first instance, you should raise the matter directly with the department concerned via CentralRecruitment.Operations@education.gov.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response, you may bring your complaint to the Commission. For further information on bringing a complaint to the Civil Service Commission please visit their <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-complaints/">web pages</a></p><h2>Attachments</h2><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNDEyNzImdmVyaWZ5PWU0YmQxNzAxMWY4NjQzZjE3MWE5YTU2N2U3NGIzMTM1">DfE Terms &amp; Conditions Opens in new window</a> (docx, 23kB)</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNDEyNzMmdmVyaWZ5PTNkMDM0NDBlYjE0MTc1NjlkYmYzZTU4NWVhYzJlMDQ1">OGD Transfer Supplementary Information Opens in new window</a> (docx, 53kB)</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNDEyNzQmdmVyaWZ5PWQ2ZTg5NjMyYTk5NGZlMDk1OWI1ZTIyNzJjZWEwNGNk">Reasonable Adjustment Guide 2023 Opens in new window</a> (docx, 211kB)</p>
