---
{
	"id": 1507,
	"shortId": "B7m6c3ok",
	"uuid": "63130508-97bb-4b86-9d63-6f3b207af3b4",
	"title": {
		"original": "Senior User Experience (UX) Designer",
		"textDescription": "Senior User Experience Designer",
		"urlSlug": "senior-user-experience-ux-designer",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Senior UX Designer",
			"expandedTitle": "Senior User Experience Designer",
			"similiarTitles": [
				"Senior User Interface Designer",
				"Senior Interaction Designer",
				"Senior Visual Designer",
				"Senior Product Designer",
				"Senior UX Researcher"
			],
			"seniorty": "Senior",
			"seniortyLevel": 4
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2023-10-11T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2023-10-29T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Cabinet Office",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Cabinet-Office-logo.svg",
		"twitter": "cabinetofficeuk",
		"id": 826,
		"shortId": "GEY69ssb",
		"uuid": "2f066aa9-be7f-4aa5-b7c8-1e7b5fd4fbcb"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Contract",
				"code": "CONTRACTOR",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Contract",
		"textDescription": "Contract"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£53,400 - £64,000",
		"textDescription": "£53,400 - £64,000",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 53400,
		"maxValue": 64000
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2023-10-11T06:02:00.876Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=dXNlcnNlYXJjaGNvbnRleHQ9NTMyNDY3MjcmcGFnZWNsYXNzPUpvYnMmam9ibGlzdF92aWV3X3ZhYz0xODgwNjAzJm93bmVydHlwZT1mYWlyJnNlYXJjaHNvcnQ9Y2xvc2luZyZzZWFyY2hwYWdlPTcmcGFnZWFjdGlvbj12aWV3dmFjYnlqb2JsaXN0Jm93bmVyPTUwNzAwMDAmcmVxc2lnPTE2OTY5MTc2ODUtNzU5ZTEwMWRlZDgxOGZjYjQwZmY0MTc2YWJlMjUyNGRiZTczNGFlYg==&utm_source=indeed.com&utm_medium=free"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=YXBwbHlfdXJsPWh0dHBzOi8vY3Noci50YWwubmV0L3Z4L2xhbmctZW4tR0IvYXBwY2VudHJlLTExL2NhbmRpZGF0ZS9wb3N0aW5ncy8yNzM2ODg%2FaW5zdGFudD1hcHBseSZwb3N0aW5nX2NvZGU9MCZicmFuZF9pZD0wJmFwcGx5X25vdz0xJm93bmVyPTUwNzAwMDAmb3duZXJ0eXBlPWZhaXImcGFnZWNsYXNzPUFwcGx5Jmpjb2RlPTE4ODA2MDM%3D&login_button=Apply+now",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary The Incubator for Automation and Innovation (i.AI.) is a software development team using rapid prototyping to catalyse change in the Civil Service through automation and",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1507/senior-user-experience-ux-designer",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>The Incubator for Automation and Innovation (i.AI) is a software development team using rapid prototyping to catalyse change in the Civil Service through automation and innovation. For us, that means experimenting with new ways of working while delivering high quality digital products. We’re a team of open-minded people who are enthusiastic about innovation and experimentation, are passionate about technology, and who want to create positive change.</p><p>The team is part of the Prime Minister’s Delivery Group, building minimum viable products to significantly improve delivery of the Prime Minister’s priorities. Working closely with No10’s Data Science team (10DS), the Evaluation Taskforce, and other teams within the Delivery Group, sharing best practice across the Cabinet Office and beyond.</p><p>Following a successful trial year the team has now been extended. These roles are offered on a two year loan for civil servants, or on a 20-month fixed-term contract for external candidates (these may be extended).</p><p>Recent projects include building a citizen facing eligibility checker for a Prime ministerial priority policy with a data sharing portal built with another government department, designing and developing the Evaluation Registry, and small proof of concept apps to improve efficiency for civil servants built in weeks.</p><p>To see some of our work check out: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://github.com/i-dot-ai">https://github.com/i-dot-ai</a></p><p>i.AI are a hybrid team based across the country, with a variety of working patterns. We have office space in 70 Whitehall (London) where some of us work regularly alongside the rest of the Delivery Group.</p><p>This role is eligible for a DDaT allowance (Digital, Data &amp; Technology), taking salaries up to a maximum of £66,875 (London) or £58,850 (National). This is subject to assessment of your technical skills during the recruitment process.</p><h4>Engagement Event</h4><p>If you want to find out more about the team and ask some question about role please join the engagement event the team is holding on the Tuesday 17th October, 11:00 until 12:00 via Google Meet (meet.google.com/ogy-hxhf-gbh). If you have any issues joining please contact: i-dot-ai-recruitment@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>The successful candidate will be working with the team to ensure the products we build are centred around users needs. This will involve designing products and flows, defining the user needs and working with our stakeholders to coach the benefits of User Centred Design.&nbsp;</p><p>We are a team of specialists who also get involved in other areas that are not our specialism (we value T-shaped people). That means that we want to learn from each other’s expertise so that we can all do a bit of everything while spending most of our time doing what we are expert in. So for example as a UX designer you might want to learn some code or conduct user research or as a developer you will take part in user research and share your design ideas. So being flexible and passionate about getting things done are essential, as this will be a varied role. We need someone who’s keen to adapt to what’s needed.&nbsp;</p><h3>Person specification</h3><h4>Essential skills needed for this role</h4><ul><li><p>User-centred design- You show a deep understanding of end-to-end journeys and how content is affected within these journeys. You will be accountable for the production of high quality, user-focused content. You ensure that content and design is regularly reviewed and evaluated, contributing to continuous improvements and iteration of products.</p></li><li><p>Prototyping- You can build and create a variety of different prototypes, from paper sketches to coded prototypes. You can choose the most appropriate option to visualise content in context for different audiences. You can effectively combine prototypes with other content and design outputs to test with users and show to stakeholders. You can establish content / design patterns, and test and iterate them.</p></li><li><p>Communicating between the technical and non-technical-<strong>&nbsp;</strong>You can mediate between people and build relationships, communicating with stakeholders at all levels. listen to the needs of technical and business stakeholders, and interpret them effectively manage stakeholder expectations.</p></li><li><p>Content design-&nbsp;You can design content to meet user needs and make complex language and processes easy to understand. present the right information in the right format for what users need. You write in plain language in a way that users understand, making information accessible to all. You can use data, research and evidence to review and evaluate content to make improvements.</p></li><li><p>Collaboration- You can work collaboratively in a group, actively networking with others. You can adapt feedback to ensure it’s effective and useable. You use your initiative to identify problems or issues in the team dynamic and rectify them.</p></li></ul><h4>Desirable skills for this role</h4><ul><li><p>Research- You can demonstrate experience in a wide range of user research methods, and can help teams to adopt them. You can plan user research for services with challenging user needs and complex user journeys. You can advise colleagues on the choice and application of research methods to assure best practice.</p></li><li><p>Other digital skills-<strong>&nbsp;</strong>Any other digital skills you have will be very useful to the team.</p></li></ul><h4>Behaviours</h4><p>We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Delivering at Pace</p></li><li><p>Communicating and Influencing</p></li><li><p>Changing and Improving</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £53,400, Cabinet Office contributes £14,418 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><ul><li><p>Learning and development tailored to your role.</p></li><li><p>An environment with flexible working options.</p></li><li><p>A culture encouraging inclusion and diversity.</p></li><li><p>A <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/members/thinking-of-joining-the-civil-service/">Civil Service Pension</a> which provides an attractive pension, benefits for dependants and average employer contributions of 27%.</p></li><li><p>A minimum of 25 days of paid annual leave, increasing by one day per year up to a maximum of 30.</p></li></ul><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Behaviours and Experience.</p><h3>Application process</h3><p>Apply with a CV and Personal Statement of up to 750 words. Important tip - please ensure that your cover letter includes how you meet the skills and experience listed in the “essential skills” section above.</p><p>Should a large number of applications be received, an initial sift may be conducted using the Personal Statement. Candidates who pass the initial sift may be progressed to a full sift, or progressed straight to assessment/interview.</p><p>Successful candidates will be invited to a 60 minute video interview on Google Meet.</p><p>A presentation/task - full details will be provided to those invited to interview.</p><p>Depending on how many applications we get, there may be an additional assessment stage before the video interview, for example a phone interview.</p><h3>Selection process</h3><p>In the Civil Service, we use<strong> </strong>Success Profiles to evaluate your skills and ability. This gives us the best possible chance of finding the right person for the job, increases performance and improves diversity and inclusivity. We’ll be assessing your experience and behaviours that are relevant to this role.</p><p>For this role we’ll be assessing you against the following Civil Service Behaviours:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Delivering at pace</p></li><li><p>Communicating and influencing</p></li><li><p>Changing and improving</p></li></ul><h3>Expected timeline (subject to change)</h3><p>Expected sift date – w/c 30/10/23</p><p>Expected interview date/s – w/c 13/11/23</p><p>Interview location - Google Meet</p><h3>Reasonable adjustment</h3><p>If a person with disabilities is put at a substantial disadvantage compared to a non-disabled person, we have a duty to make reasonable changes to our processes.</p><p>If you need a change to be made so that you can make your application, you should:&nbsp;</p><p>Contact Government Recruitment Service via cabinetofficerecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk as soon as possible before the closing date to discuss your needs.&nbsp;</p><p>Complete the ‘Assistance required’ section in the ‘Additional requirements’ page of your application form to tell us what changes or help you might need further on in the recruitment process. For instance, you may need wheelchair access at interview, or if you’re deaf, a Language Service Professional.&nbsp;</p><h3>Further information</h3><p>If you are experiencing accessibility problems with any attachments on this advert, please contact the email address in the 'contact point for applicants' section. <br><br>Please note that this role requires SC clearance, which would normally need 5 years UK residency in the past 5 years. This is not an absolute requirement, but supplementary checks may be needed where individuals have not lived in the UK for that period. This may mean your security clearance (and therefore your appointment) will take longer or, in some cases, not be possible. <br><br>Please note terms and conditions are attached. Please take time to read the document to determine how these may affect you. <br><br>Any move to Cabinet Office from another employer will mean you can no longer access childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility at: https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk. <br><br>A reserve list will be held for a period of 12 months, from which further appointments can be made.</p><p>If successful and transferring from another Government Department a criminal record check may be carried out.&nbsp;</p><p>In order to process applications without delay, we will be sending a Criminal Record Check to&nbsp;Disclosure and Barring Service /Disclosure Scotland on your behalf.</p><p>However, we recognise in exceptional circumstances some candidates will want to send their completed forms direct. If you will be doing this, please advise Government Recruitment Service of your intention by emailing <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:Pre-EmploymentChecks.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk">Pre-EmploymentChecks.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</a> stating the job reference number in the subject heading.</p><p>For further information on the Disclosure Scotland confidential checking service telephone: the Disclosure Scotland Helpline on 0870 609 6006 and ask to speak to the operations manager in confidence, or email <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:Info@disclosurescotland.co.uk">Info@disclosurescotland.co.uk</a>&nbsp;</p><p>New entrants are expected to join on the minimum of the pay band.</p><p>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening, subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment.&nbsp;</p><p>A candidate is not eligible to apply for a role within the Civil Service if the application is made within a 5 year period following a dismissal for carrying out internal fraud against government.</p><p>Existing Civil Servants and applicants from accredited NDPBs are eligible to apply, but will only be considered on loan basis (Civil Servants) or secondment (accredited NDPBs). Prior agreement to be released on a loan basis must be obtained before commencing the application process. In the case of Civil Servants, the terms of the loan will be agreed between the home and host department and the Civil Servant. This includes grade on return.</p><p>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>Successful candidates must meet the security requirements before they can be appointed. The level of security needed is <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/national-security-vetting-advice-for-people-who-are-being-vetted">security check (opens in a new window)</a>.<br><br><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/vetting-explained-and-our-vetting-charter/the-vetting-charter">See our vetting charter (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>The Civil Service welcomes applications from people who have recently left prison or have an unspent conviction. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civil-service-careers.gov.uk/prison-leaver-recruitment/">Read more about prison leaver recruitment (opens in new window)</a>.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : i.AI Team</p></li><li><p>Email : i-dot-ai-recruitment@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : cabinetofficerecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>Appointment to the Civil Service is governed by the Civil Service Commission’s Recruitment Principles.<br>If you feel that your application has not been treated in accordance with the Recruitment Principles, and wish to make a complaint, then in the first instance you should contact Government Recruitment Service at: cabinetofficerecruitment.grs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk.<br>If you are not satisfied with the response that you receive, then you can contact the Civil Service Commission at: info@csc.gov.uk.<br>For further information on the Recruitment Principles, and bringing a complaint to the Civil Service Commission, please visit their website at: <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk">https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk</a></p><h2>Attachments</h2><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNDI1MDUmdmVyaWZ5PWFiMjY5NzcyZTZmYWE5OGI4MTM3NmY4ZGMwODE0OTli">Cabinet Office Employee Offer (1) Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 344kB) <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNDI1MDYmdmVyaWZ5PWVkOTE4MjE0ZDQ2NzM1MGM3MDY4YWFkNWI4Zjg5Y2Mw">Cabinet Office Terms and Conditions - External (1) (1) Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 82kB)&nbsp;</p>
