---
{
	"id": 1692,
	"shortId": "EY7eWH9Y",
	"uuid": "7ee00de3-cd63-4fc3-86d6-0d4d1d2f53b9",
	"title": {
		"original": "Director, Product Design - Global Marketplace",
		"textDescription": "Director, Product Design",
		"urlSlug": "director-product-design-global-marketplace",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Director, Product Design",
			"seniorty": "Director",
			"seniortyLevel": 6
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2024-02-02T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2024-03-01T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Live Nation Entertainment",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/lne-logo-redborder-r-rgb.png",
		"id": 577,
		"shortId": "4ealAn4V",
		"uuid": "d37029cd-5840-4191-9dc5-3a99971df023"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Full-time",
				"code": "FULL_TIME",
				"type": "hours"
			},
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Full-time, Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Full-time, Permanent"
	},
	"tags": [
		"management",
		"senior",
		"design"
	],
	"applicationUri": "https://livenation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/LNExternalSite/job/London-United-Kingdom/Director--Product-Design---Global-Marketplace_JR-66392-1/apply",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "The team As designers at Ticketmaster, we create. We create beautiful moments that remind millions of our fans why they love live entertainment so much. We create access so they can make their next,",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1692/director-product-design-global-marketplace",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>The team</h2><p>As designers at Ticketmaster, we create. We create beautiful moments that remind millions of our fans why they love live entertainment so much. We create access so they can make their next, unforgettable live event memories. We create delight.</p><p>We're at the start of an exhilarating new chapter where the successful candidate will spearhead the design of new best in class global experiences that millions of fans all over the world will use to access the biggest names in music, sports and world tournaments spaces and make unforgettable memories.</p><p>We're looking for an experienced and confident <strong>Director, Product Design - Global Marketplace</strong> who can shape this new future with our amazing global team and embark on this exciting journey with us.</p><h2>The job</h2><p>As <strong>Director, Product Design – Marketplace</strong>, you will lead your team to create best-of-breed, next generation fan experiences for a major product area and/or multiple products within our Ticketmaster’s flagship Global Marketplace. You will provide product design direction and delivery strategy for short- and medium- term business priorities. You will craft, socialize, and activate your own product design strategy, research &amp; brand vision, and manage design programs at global level through strategic relationship building and alignments.</p><p>You are accountable for all UX research &amp; UI design deliveries, process, quality &amp; standards, and stakeholder management for your assigned areas, as well as the overall success of your products and team. You will influence and coach your team members to achieve design excellence, ease of use, and excellent product performance.</p><h2>What will you be doing</h2><h3>Product Delivery, Strategic Planning and Alignment</h3><ul><li><p>Deliver best in class user experiences for our fans.</p></li><li><p>Be accountable for all product design deliverables, processes, and standards in your assigned area.</p></li><li><p>Take complex business requirements and synthesize them into actionable design roadmaps and scalable, global UX &amp; brand strategies</p></li><li><p>Increase position of influence and get buy-in from other parts of the business to activate vision/make vision into reality</p></li><li><p>Lead your team to conduct relevant research, generate meaningful insights and use it to inform and transform features into beautiful, intuitive, and conversion-optimised experiences</p></li><li><p>Lend an astute eye to concepts and elevate the quality of delivery in innovation, utility, value generation, scalability, composition, content, and attention to detail</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with and align goals, schedules, and processes with senior management, stakeholders, and cross-functional counterparts to meet aims and timelines of Ticketmaster successfully.</p></li><li><p>Develop clear and effective design project plans, including user research and design delivery schedules, for all responsible product areas.</p></li><li><p>Set clear expectations and communicate plans and progress explicitly and consistently with senior management, PMO, Product, Engineering and direct reports.</p></li><li><p>Apply critical thinking and rigour to ensure business, client and end user perspectives have all been accounted for and prioritised in context.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Ensure innovation, creativity and exceptional quality are part of the final and built solution.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with Product Marketing to devise scalable product asset share and relevant brand systems.</p></li></ul><h3>Design Team and Infrastructure Management</h3><ul><li><p>Lead design requirements discovery and goal clarification workshops.</p></li><li><p>Understand and translate the short, medium and long-term vision and strategic business goals to direct reports.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Help stream leads plan and apply appropriate UX &amp; Product Design methodologies to support product objectives. As such, coach all Product Designers to:</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Plan and conduct user, market, and competitive research</p></li><li><p>Participate in and/or lead ideation workshops with cross-functional teams.</p></li><li><p>Produce user types, scenarios/journeys, flow maps and produce relevant artefacts &amp; documentation (e.g. wireframes, storyboards, prototypes, presentations) to convey clear context &amp; vision to stakeholders and to aid in accurate design decision making.</p></li><li><p>Use core information architecture and interaction design skills to take design deliverables through a full project lifecycle.</p></li><li><p>Conduct benchmark and validation usability tests and maintain a database of test subjects.</p></li><li><p>Conduct stress tests and design QA tests to ensure deliveries meet specifications.</p></li><li><p>Work with the Analytics and product management teams to ensure measurable design decisions are being made.</p></li><li><p>Manage and/or contribute to Marketplace Design System, appropriate product brand guidelines, etc.</p></li><li><p>Review, edit, and ensure all design artefacts are to exceptional standards and help and empower teams to achieve this on their own with minimal supervision.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Create and evolve standards, processes and programs to enable product success, to facilitate fluid workflow, and to set our team up for success;</p></li><li><p>Devise strategies on how to improve UX artefacts development and UX research methodologies to add value to the overall product design process. Lead team to effect this change.</p></li><li><p>Ensure that Ticketmaster visual identity is integrated sympathetically into features and ensure that visual standards are constantly benchmarked and evolved to ensure competitive edge</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with other Marketplace leads to manage and evolve Marketplace Design System</p></li></ul><h3>Team Growth, Development, Innovation, and Thought Leadership</h3><ul><li><p>Manage, pull up, and grow our bench of new design leaders and support them through tactical, day-to-day management and professional development challenges;</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Coach stream leads how to lead and mentor their own teams.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Develop individualized professional development plans for direct reports and coach them through success.</p></li><li><p>Start establishing presence as an expert and evangelize product design through frequent and effective idea shares, communication, and storytelling</p></li><li><p>Develop strong relationships and establish position of influence with counterparts across the organization, beyond the immediate Product, Engineering and Design functions</p></li><li><p>Evaluate and evolve skills to stay relevant; keep skills fresh and be informed of best practices, technical trends and developments</p></li><li><p>Continually introduce new methods and tools to the team to keep team competitive and help Ticketmaster attract and retain world class talent</p></li><li><p>Get involved with external design community and participate in industry events and dialogue and start representing Ticketmaster in a professional capacity.</p></li></ul><h2>What you need to know</h2><ul><li><p>Strong experience designing cross-channel, fan products at global and enterprise-scale. Experience with ecommerce and content management systems, non-negotiable.</p></li><li><p>Strong track record of delivering multiple concurrent projects on time and on budget</p></li><li><p>Proven experience in multi-stream team and line management, professional development and mentoring</p></li><li><p>Exceptional grounding in principles, methodology and practices of digital product design with proven hands-on experience in a working environment, i.e. UX design, UX research, visual design, interface design, mobile app design, interaction design, content strategy, brand development, etc.</p></li><li><p>Ability to think critically, to collaborate and to present ideas to senior stakeholders, clients, team members, product managers, and engineers</p></li><li><p>Ability to provide a range of innovative and compositionally strong product design vision/solutions directly as well as through team.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Degree in HCI, Design, Social or Information Systems Sciences beneficial</p></li><li><p>Expertise in industry standard wireframing and design tools such as Axure, Sketch, Zeplin, Figma, Adobe CS Suite, InVision, etc. expected</p></li><li><p>Solid understanding of capabilities and limitations of technologies that are used to create powerful user experiences including JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, HTML5, CSS.</p></li><li><p>Understanding of both Agile and traditional project management methodologies and the know how to deploy them at relevant contexts;</p></li><li><p>A strong understanding of best/tried patterns and current trends in UX/UI practices</p></li><li><p>Exceptional portfolio demonstrating strong problem-solving capabilities and systematic or strategic approach to cross-platform product design.</p></li></ul><h2>You (Behavioral requirements)</h2><p>The following attributes determine how the role will be carried out and are required to be a success:</p><ul><li><p>Leadership - Evident leadership skills and/or potential</p></li><li><p>Innovative - Proactive in learning and being fluent in latest UX trends and technologies and manifesting/expecting that in the end solution</p></li><li><p>Accountability - Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills</p></li><li><p>Communication - Excellent written, verbal communication and presentation skills</p></li><li><p>Strategic - Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and independently</p></li><li><p>Integrity - Precision and unyielding desire for excellence</p></li></ul><h2>Ticketmaster values</h2><p><strong>Rock Solid Reliability – </strong>I earn the trust of clients, co-workers and fans; I set clear expectations; I deliver high quality work on time and on task; I take the time to do things right</p><p><strong>Winning Teamwork – </strong>I collaborate with others; I share information openly; I listen and take time to empathise and understand where others are coming from; I show recognition and appreciation for the contributions of others</p><p><strong>Act with Integrity – </strong>I am proud of the way I represent myself and the company to others; I act with good intentions; I have direct, honest conversations while creating a safe work environment for open dialogue; I represent information and data accurately and completely</p><h2>Equal opportunities</h2><p>We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion.&nbsp; You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work.&nbsp; We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife.&nbsp; As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with.&nbsp; It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities.</p><h2>Culture</h2><p>We’re fans who help fans everywhere get into the live events they love.&nbsp; A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favourite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think that’s pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you.</p><p>We have a ‘Fan First’ mindset, placing customers at the heart of everything we do. Whether working behind the scenes or engaging directly with the ‘Fan’ you will be part of a culture that supports and enriches the fan experience. Your work, our passion… delivering world class experiences – Fan First.</p><p>#LI-JCK #LI-Hybrid</p>
