---
{
	"id": 1744,
	"shortId": "Rh6VFd5Y",
	"uuid": "9bcb7632-4e85-4dbc-85e3-5ae2f3a77fd6",
	"title": {
		"original": "Head of User Centred Design",
		"textDescription": "Head of User Centred Design",
		"urlSlug": "head-of-user-centred-design",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Head of User Centred Design",
			"seniorty": "Head of",
			"seniortyLevel": 5
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2024-03-05T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2024-03-17T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London, E14 4PU",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"postalCode": "E14 4PU",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5085,
				"longitude": -0.1257
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Medicines-and-Healthcare-Products-Regulatory-Agency-logo.png",
		"twitter": "MHRAgovuk",
		"id": 924,
		"shortId": "5F3mOhaM",
		"uuid": "04d9f1f8-4ac6-454c-a041-8b136501d214"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£70,011",
		"textDescription": "£70,011",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 70011,
		"maxValue": 70011
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2024-03-05T16:20:15.420Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXJ0eXBlPWZhaXImc2VhcmNocGFnZT0zNSZqb2JsaXN0X3ZpZXdfdmFjPTE5MDExMTcmdXNlcnNlYXJjaGNvbnRleHQ9NzE3NzYxMTUmcGFnZWNsYXNzPUpvYnMmc2VhcmNoc29ydD1jbG9zaW5nJnBhZ2VhY3Rpb249dmlld3ZhY2J5am9ibGlzdCZvd25lcj01MDcwMDAwJnJlcXNpZz0xNzA5NjE4NDY3LTM3YjVlN2NiNjI1ODVhNmI4MTIxYTEyN2YwZjc3NTlkYWRiOGNkYmY=&utm_source=indeed.com&utm_medium=free"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://mhra.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/head-of-user-centred-design-%C2%A370011-p-a-benefits-2462?et=HqqfsLs5",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary We are currently looking for a Head of User Centred Design to join our Digital and Service Design Group (D&SDG) team within the Digital and Technology group. This is a",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1744/head-of-user-centred-design",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>We are currently looking for a&nbsp;Head of User Centred Design&nbsp;to join our&nbsp;Digital and Service Design Group (D&amp;SDG)&nbsp;team within the&nbsp;Digital and Technology&nbsp;group.</p><p>This is a&nbsp;full-time&nbsp;opportunity, on a&nbsp;permanent&nbsp;basis. The role will be based at 10 South Colonnade, Canary Wharf London, E14 4PU. Please be aware that this role can only be worked in the UK and not overseas.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Government departments and agencies are working towards implementing a minimum 60% attendance in office sites.</p><p>We are currently implementing a flexible, hybrid way of working, with a minimum of 4 days per month working on site to enable the collaboration and contact with partners and stakeholders needed to deliver MHRA business. Attendance on site is driven by business needs so depending on the nature of the role, this can flex up to 8 days a month, with the remainder of time worked either remotely or in the office. Some roles will need to be on site more regularly.</p><h3>Who are we?&nbsp;</h3><p>The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency enhance and improve the health of millions of people every day through the effective regulation of medicines and medical devices, underpinned by science and research.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Digital technology has the potential to make a profound contribution to this work by providing our people and our customers with the digital tools they need.&nbsp;The Digital and Technology Group&nbsp;&nbsp;lies at the heart of the Agency and is responsible for delivering optimised technology and maximising the secure use of data to enable the rest of the organisation to deliver world class services. It’s centre of excellence is also responsible for delivering a broad portfolio of change initiatives, both to transform the Agency’s legacy technologies and to deliver innovative new solutions and services, designed around our customers’ needs.</p><p>Our division believes in designing products and services around our customers and delivering in a holistic way where we combine digital and technology change, project delivery, business process, product management and cultural change together.</p><p>Within the&nbsp;Digital and Technology Group, the Digital and Service Design team (D&amp;SDG) provides a number of services through its practice-based model including user-research, design, business analysis, change management and product management. D&amp;SDG owns the customer experience for the division and is currently building its in-house capabilities around Digital Product Management and User Centred Design.</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>What’s the role?</p><p>We’re looking for a person to lead our User Centred Design (UCD) practice for the Agency. Over the past three years, we have been on an exciting journey to introduce user-centred design and product management approaches into how we design, build and maintain our digital products and services. We’re looking for a leader to take this work forward, to scale and grow the next evolution of our UCD practice and in-house design team.</p><h3>Key responsibilities</h3><p>Responsible for developing and shaping strategies to introduce and drive awareness of user needs and UCD; building the influence of the team and supporting services across the organisation; using advanced negotiating and influencing skills with senior leaders across our organisation to embed the practice.</p><ul><li><p>As the Head of Profession for UCD you will role model inclusive leadership behaviours to promote a diverse, supportive and inclusive culture; support your team to develop content, performance analysis and design capabilities and help these to grow within the Agency.</p></li><li><p>Lead a team of&nbsp;&nbsp;in-house designers and researchers and oversee the work of an extended team of off-payroll designers and UX professionals, which scales and flexes dependent on the Agency’s digital roadmap. You will need to ensure effective deployment of the team to meet demand, and focus on ensuring the right conditions and environment for designers to work effectively.</p></li></ul><p>Be an active member of the MHRA’s Digital and Technology Group’s Senior Leadership Group (SLG). Manage the UCD team’s operating budget, shape contracts when external supplier support is required and work with the agency’s procurement and finance teams to execute contracts.</p><h3>Person specification</h3><p>Who are we looking for?&nbsp;</p><p>Our&nbsp;successful candidate&nbsp;will have:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Degree level or equivalent years of professional experience</p></li><li><p>Significant experience in User Centred Design</p></li><li><p>Team leadership and management skills</p></li><li><p>Good experience in developing and improving services, ideally in the public sector</p></li><li><p>Demonstration of substantial experience across:</p></li><li><p>User Research</p></li><li><p>Service Design</p></li><li><p>Interaction Design</p></li><li><p>Content Design (working knowledge)</p></li></ul><p>If you would like to find out more about this fantastic opportunity, please read our&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://mhra-gov.filecamp.com/s/d/8j0zeJMZ5bm1ggHS">Job Description and Person Specification</a>!&nbsp;</p><p><strong><em>Please note: The job description may not open in some internet browsers. Please use Chrome or Microsoft Edge. If you have any issue viewing the job description, please contact&nbsp;</em></strong><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:careers@mhra.gov.uk"><strong><em>careers@mhra.gov.uk</em></strong></a>&nbsp;</p><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £70,011, Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency contributes £18,902 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><ul><li><p>Annual Leave: 25 days annual leave on entry, rising by one day for each completed year of service to a maximum of 30 days and pro-rata for part-time staff. PLUS 8 bank holidays&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Privilege Leave: 1 day&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Hours of Work: 37 hours (net) per week for full time staff in all geographical locations, including London and pro rata for part-time staff&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Occupational Sick Pay (OSP): One month full pay/one month half pay on entry, rising by one month for each completed year of service to a maximum of five months full pay/five months half pay&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Mobility: Mobility clause in contracts allowing staff to be mobile across the Civil Service</p></li><li><p>Civil Service Pension Scheme.&nbsp; Please see the link for further information http://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/ For enquiries relating to the Civil Service Pension Schemes please contact MyCSP's Pension Service Centre directly on 0300 123 6666&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Flexible working to ensure staff maintain a healthy work-life balance&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Interest free season ticket loan or bike loan&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Employee Assistance Services and access to the Civil Service Benevolent Fund&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Eligibility to join the Civil Service Motoring Association (CSMA)</p></li><li><p>Variety of staff and Civil Service clubs&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>On-going learning and development&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>We use the Civil Service Success Profiles to assess our candidates,&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">find out more here</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p><strong>Online application form</strong>, including questions based on the&nbsp;Behaviour, Experience and Technical Success Profiles.&nbsp;<em>Please ensure all application questions are completed in full; your application may not be considered if any responses are left blank. Our applications are CV blind, and our Hiring Managers will not be able to access your CV when reviewing your application.</em></p></li><li><p><strong>Presentation,</strong>to be prepared as part of your interview, with further information being supplied when you reach this stage.</p></li><li><p><strong>Interview,</strong>&nbsp;which can include questions based on the&nbsp;Behaviour, Experience, Technical and Strengths Success Profiles.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p>Applicants are assessed on whether they meet any mandatory requirements as well as the necessary skills and experience for the role. Applications are scored based on the competency-based answers provided- ensure you have read these thoroughly and allow&nbsp;sufficient&nbsp;time. You can view the criteria for this role in the job description.</p><p><strong>If you require any disability related adjustments at any point during the process, please contact&nbsp;</strong><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:careers@mhra.gov.uk"><strong>careers@mhra.gov.uk</strong></a><strong>&nbsp;as soon as possible.</strong>&nbsp;</p><p>Closing date:&nbsp;17 March 2024</p><p>Shortlisting date: W/C 18 March 2024</p><p>Interview date:&nbsp;W/C 1 April 2024</p><p>Candidates will be contacted within a week of the sift and the interviews completed to inform them of the outcome.</p><p>If you need assistance applying for this role or have any other questions,&nbsp;please contact&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:careers@mhra.gov.uk">careers@mhra.gov.uk</a>&nbsp;</p><p>Candidates will be subject to UK immigration requirements as well as Civil Service nationality rules.&nbsp;Further information on whether you are able to apply is available&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">here</a>.&nbsp;</p><p>Successful candidates must pass a disclosure and barring security check as well as animal rights and pro-life activism checks. People working with government assets must complete&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard?_ga=2.149328757.2118900794.1613132232-433185063.1580991281">basic personnel security standard checks</a>.</p><p>Applicants who are successful at interview will be, as part of pre-employment screening subject to a check on the Internal Fraud Database (IFD). This check will provide information about employees who have been dismissed for fraud or dishonesty offences. This check also applies to employees who resign or otherwise leave before being dismissed for fraud or dishonesty had their employment continued. Any applicant’s details held on the IFD will be refused employment. A candidate is not eligible to apply for a role within the Civil Service if the application is made within a 5 year period following a dismissal for carrying out internal fraud against government.</p><p>Any move to the MHRA from another employer will mean you can no longer access childcare vouchers. This includes moves between government departments. You may however be eligible for other government schemes, including Tax-Free Childcare. Determine your eligibility&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.childcarechoices.gov.uk/">here</a>.</p><p>Successful candidates may be subject to annual Occupational Health reviews dependent on role requirements. If you have any queries, please contact&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:careers@mhra.gov.uk">careers@mhra.gov.uk</a>&nbsp;</p><p>In accordance with the Civil Service Commissioners’ Recruitment Principles our recruitment and selection processes are underpinned by the requirement of selection for appointment&nbsp;on the basis of&nbsp;merit by a fair and open competition. If you feel your application has not been treated in accordance with the Recruitment Principles and you wish to make a complaint, you should firstly contact Mira Mepa, Head of Recruitment and Operations,&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:Mira.Mepa@mhra.gov.uk">Mira.Mepa@mhra.gov.uk</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you can contact the Civil Service Commission at:&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/">civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk</a>&nbsp;</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:info@csc.gov.uk">info@csc.gov.uk</a></p><p>Civil Service Commission&nbsp;</p><p>Room G/8&nbsp;</p><p>1&nbsp;Horse Guards Road&nbsp;</p><p>London&nbsp;</p><p>SW1A 2HQ<br><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.Apply and further information</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : The Resourcing Team</p></li><li><p>Email : careers@mhra.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : Careers@mhra.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Further information</h3><p>In accordance with the Civil Service Commissioners’ Recruitment Principles our recruitment and selection processes are underpinned by the requirement of selection for appointment on the basis of merit by a fair and open competition. If you feel your application has not been treated in accordance with the Recruitment Principles and you wish to make a complaint, you should contact the Resourcing Team at Careers@mhra.gov.uk, in the first instance. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive you can contact the Civil Service Commission at: civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk - info@csc.gov.uk - Civil Service Commission Room G/8 1 Horse Guards Road London SW1A 2HQ<br><br></p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://lhrc1a.rfer.us/MHRA6ga1Re">Apply at advertiser's site</a></p><h2>Share this page</h2><ul><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="#">Print</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="mailto:?subject=I%20would%20like%20to%20share%20Head%20of%20User%20Centred%20Design%20-%20%A370%2C011%20p.a.%20%2B%20benefits%20%28reference%20%3A%20343558%29%20with%20you&amp;body=I%20have%20found%20this%20opportunity%20on%20Civil%20Service%20Jobs%20and%20thought%20you%20might%20be%20interested.%0D%0A%0D%0ACheck%20it%20out%20by%20clicking%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1901117.%20%0D%0A%0D%0AIf%20you%20are%20interested%20in%20a%20career%20in%20the%20Civil%20Service%20you%20can%20search%20for%20opportunities%20at%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk">Email</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1901117">Facebook</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?original_referer&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1901117&amp;text=Head of User Centred Design - £70,011 p.a. + benefits">Twitter</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1901117">LinkedIn</a></p></li><li><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?view=cm&amp;source=mailto&amp;body=I%20have%20found%20this%20opportunity%20on%20Civil%20Service%20Jobs%20and%20thought%20you%20might%20be%20interested.%0D%0A%0D%0ACheck%20it%20out%20by%20clicking%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk%2Fcsr%2Fjobs.cgi%3Fjcode%3D1901117.%20%0D%0A%0D%0AIf%20you%20are%20interested%20in%20a%20career%20in%20the%20Civil%20Service%20you%20can%20search%20for%20opportunities%20at%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk&amp;su=I%20would%20like%20to%20share%20Head%20of%20User%20Centred%20Design%20-%20%A370%2C011%20p.a.%20%2B%20benefits%20%28reference%20%3A%20343558%29%20with%20you">GMail</a></p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p>
