---
{
	"id": 1814,
	"shortId": "lDbITR92",
	"uuid": "796ce827-8c5d-4fe6-a152-78d3bab1cb2d",
	"title": {
		"original": "Senior Interaction Designer",
		"textDescription": "Senior Interaction Designer",
		"urlSlug": "senior-interaction-designer",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Senior Interaction Designer",
			"seniorty": "Senior",
			"seniortyLevel": 4
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2024-04-16T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2024-05-06T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "London",
		"textDescription": "London",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "London",
				"locality": "London",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB",
				"latitude": 51.5074,
				"longitude": -0.1278
			}
		]
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "Ofgem",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/Ofgem_logo.svg",
		"id": 192,
		"shortId": "sWpnneiI",
		"uuid": "093cab54-e373-4d7b-a3ef-92c5154e0398"
	},
	"employmentType": {
		"typeInfo": [
			{
				"text": "Permanent",
				"code": "PERMANENT",
				"type": "contract"
			}
		],
		"original": "Permanent",
		"textDescription": "Permanent"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£45,614 - £62,699",
		"textDescription": "£45 - £62",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 45,
		"maxValue": 62
	},
	"meta": {
		"patternName": "ld+json, civilservicejobs",
		"patternType": "default, site",
		"date": "2024-04-16T11:49:54.839Z",
		"source": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXJ0eXBlPWZhaXImcGFnZWNsYXNzPUpvYnMmb3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZzZWFyY2hzb3J0PWNsb3NpbmcmdXNlcnNlYXJjaGNvbnRleHQ9NzY5Nzg3NjQmc2VhcmNocGFnZT00MiZqb2JsaXN0X3ZpZXdfdmFjPTE5MDYxNTgmcGFnZWFjdGlvbj12aWV3dmFjYnlqb2JsaXN0JnJlcXNpZz0xNzEzMjI1NzU3LTUwMDBjMjQ3YjFiZDlkYzAzODdjZTA1N2RhNDllYWQwODUwMDg5Nzg=&utm_source=indeed.com&utm_medium=free"
	},
	"applicationUri": "https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=b3duZXJ0eXBlPWZhaXImb3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZqY29kZT0xOTA2MTU4JnBhZ2VjbGFzcz1BcHBseSZhcHBseV9ub3c9MSZhcHBseV91cmw9aHR0cHM6Ly9jc2hyLnRhbC5uZXQvdngvbGFuZy1lbi1HQi9hcHBjZW50cmUtMTEvY2FuZGlkYXRlL3Bvc3RpbmdzLzMwMjAxNz9pbnN0YW50PWFwcGx5&login_button=Apply+now",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About the job Job summary Join Ofgem to ensure safe, affordable, sustainable energy for UK consumers and contribute to the Net Zero transition. Our expanding team offers new roles in Service, User,",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/1814/senior-interaction-designer",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About the job</h2><h3>Job summary</h3><p>Join Ofgem to ensure safe, affordable, sustainable energy for UK consumers and contribute to the Net Zero transition. Our expanding team offers new roles in Service, User, and Interaction Design with learning opportunities in the DDaT field. Enjoy hybrid working flexibility and impact energy solutions in a dynamic setting.</p><p>A a senior interaction designer, you will serve as a specialist, aiding in the implementation of government schemes aimed at achieving policy outcomes that support the Net Zero initiative. The chosen candidate will collaborate extensively with user-centred design peers and multidisciplinary digital delivery teams.</p><p>Additionally, the senior interaction designer will play a pivotal role in aiding the development of Ofgem's interaction design community. This involves offering leadership, mentorship, and support to less experienced designers. As a senior designer, your role will involve collaborating with Product Managers and Service Owners to evolve design concepts. You will be responsible for setting the direction and ensuring the quality of design delivery across teams. Additionally, you will spearhead interaction design for multiple or highly complex services.</p><p>In this role, a primary duty will be to champion best practices in interaction design and promote a development approach that is both accessible and centred around the user.</p><p>Your key responsibilities will also encompass facilitating interaction design efforts across Delivery &amp; Schemes projects. You'll manage and mentor designers, fostering the growth of interaction design within the Ofgem User-Centred Design (UCD) community. Additionally, you'll mentor other UCD roles to enhance their understanding of interaction design and increase awareness and understanding of the field across Ofgem.</p><p>As a Senior Interaction Designer, you will be expected to collaborate with the Principal Designer to support the creation of clear and efficient processes for User-Centred Design</p><p>If you are also a Personal Development Lead, you'll guide staff in growth, leveraging Ofgem’s diversity and inclusion principles. You'll manage feedback and performance, resolve disputes and oversee deployment to uphold Ofgem's resourcing and inclusivity.</p><p>Join Ofgem and be part of our mission to guide the future of energy regulation and sustainability. Apply now to make a meaningful impact with a dynamic team.</p><h3>Job description</h3><p>Ofgem works on behalf of energy consumers to ensure that every household and business in the UK can rely on a safe, affordable and environmentally sustainable energy supply. We are playing a vital part in accelerating the transition to Net Zero and a carbon neutral energy system – a goal that everyone wants to achieve.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;As a Senior Interaction Designer you will work as a practitioner to support the delivery of government schemes that deliver policy outcomes contributing to Net Zero. The successful candidate will work closely with user-centred design colleagues and multidisciplinary digital delivery teams.</p><p>The senior interaction designer will also align and support the growth of the interaction design community in Ofgem, providing guidance, support and mentorship for more junior designers.</p><h4>&nbsp;As an senior practitioner, you will:</h4><ul><li><p>work with Product Managers and Service Owners to develop design concepts</p></li><li><p>set direction and assure the quality of design delivery across teams</p></li><li><p>lead interaction design on multiple or highly complex services</p></li></ul><p>A key responsibility of this role will be driving best practice in interaction design, and advocating for an accessible, user-centred approach to development.</p><h4>As a Senior Interaction Designer you will:</h4><ul><li><p>support and mentor junior designers</p></li><li><p>advocate for accessibility and inclusion in development and delivery</p></li><li><p>develop consistent ways of working, in collaboration with other user centred design disciplines</p></li><li><p>facilitate the development of best practice</p></li></ul><h4>Key Responsibilities</h4><ul><li><p>Support interaction design activities on projects across Delivery &amp; Schemes</p></li><li><p>Drive interaction design best practice across Digital &amp; Schemes, representing interaction design</p></li><li><p>Manage and mentor designers</p></li><li><p>Grow and support interaction design in the Ofgem UCD community</p></li><li><p>Support and mentor other UCD roles to have a better understanding of interaction design</p></li><li><p>Increase awareness and understanding of interaction design across Ofgem</p></li></ul><h4>Key Outputs and Deliverables</h4><ul><li><p>Work with the Principal Designer to support the development of clear and efficient ways of working for User Centred Design</p></li><li><p>Develop and implement frameworks and templates contributing to best practice</p></li><li><p>Embed interaction design in the development of new services and products</p></li><li><p>Develop and maintain design artefacts for projects and products</p></li></ul><h3>Person specification</h3><ul><li><p>Professional experience in interaction or UX design role (LEAD)</p></li><li><p>Experience using the GDS Design System, and ability to prototype using the GDS prototyping kit (LEAD)</p></li><li><p>Professional experience of working with Service Design, Content Design and User Research</p></li><li><p>Experience working to the GDS service standard</p></li><li><p>Experience working with a diverse group of stakeholders</p></li><li><p>Proven ability to lead others to make good design decisions</p></li></ul><h3>Behaviours</h3><p>We'll assess you against these behaviours during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Making Effective Decisions</p></li><li><p>Communicating and Influencing</p></li><li><p>Developing Self and Others</p></li><li><p>Delivering at Pace</p></li></ul><h3>Technical skills</h3><p>We'll assess you against these technical skills during the selection process:</p><ul><li><p>Please see Candidate Pack for details</p></li></ul><h2>Benefits</h2><p>Alongside your salary of £45,614, OFGEM contributes £12,315 towards you being a member of the Civil Service Defined Benefit Pension scheme. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civilservicepensionscheme.org.uk/joining-the-pension-scheme/benefits-of-the-pension-scheme/">Find out what benefits a Civil Service Pension provides.</a></p><p>Ofgem can offer you a comprehensive and competitive benefits package which includes; 30 days annual leave after 2 years; Excellent training and development opportunities; The opportunity to join the generous Civil Service pension which also includes a valuable range of benefits; Hybrid working (currently 1 day a week in the office but is in review), flexible working hours and family friendly policies. Plus lots of other benefits including clean and bright offices based centrally, engaged networks and teams and an opportunity to contribute to our ambitious and important targets of establishing a Net Zero energy system by 2050. This exciting blend of professional challenge and personal reward identifies career opportunities at Ofgem as something to get excited about.</p><h2>Things you need to know</h2><h3>Selection process details</h3><p>This vacancy is using <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/success-profiles">Success Profiles (opens in a new window)</a>, and will assess your Behaviours, Experience and Technical skills.</p><p>When you press the ‘Apply now’ button, you will be asked to complete personal details (not seen by the sift panel), your career history and qualifications.</p><p>You will then be asked to provide a 1250 word ‘personal statement’ evidencing how you meet the essential and desirable skills and capabilities listed in the role profile. Please ensure you demonstrate clearly, within your personal statement, how you meet each of the essential and desirable skills and capabilities.<br><br>Feedback will only be provided if you attend an interview or assessment.</p><h3>Security</h3><p>Successful candidates must undergo a criminal record check.</p><p>People working with government assets must complete <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/government-baseline-personnel-security-standard">baseline personnel security standard (opens in new window)</a> checks.</p><h3>Nationality requirements</h3><p>This job is broadly open to the following groups:</p><ul><li><p>UK nationals</p></li><li><p>nationals of the Republic of Ireland</p></li><li><p>nationals of Commonwealth countries who have the right to work in the UK</p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities with settled or pre-settled status under the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families">European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS) (opens in a new window)</a></p></li><li><p>nationals of the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein and family members of those nationalities who have made a valid application for settled or pre-settled status under the European Union Settlement Scheme (EUSS)</p></li><li><p>individuals with limited leave to remain or indefinite leave to remain who were eligible to apply for EUSS on or before 31 December 2020</p></li><li><p>Turkish nationals, and certain family members of Turkish nationals, who have accrued the right to work in the Civil Service</p></li></ul><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nationality-rules">Further information on nationality requirements (opens in a new window)</a></p><h3>Working for the Civil Service</h3><p>The <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/code/">Civil Service Code (opens in a new window)</a> sets out the standards of behaviour expected of civil servants.<br><br>We recruit by merit on the basis of fair and open competition, as outlined in the Civil Service Commission's <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://civilservicecommission.independent.gov.uk/recruitment/recruitment-principles/">recruitment principles (opens in a new window)</a>.</p><p>The Civil Service embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunities. As such, we run a Disability Confident Scheme (DCS) for candidates with disabilities who meet the minimum selection criteria.</p><p>The Civil Service also offers a Redeployment Interview Scheme to civil servants who are at risk of redundancy, and who meet the minimum requirements for the advertised vacancy.</p><h2>Apply and further information</h2><p>This vacancy is part of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.gov.uk/government/news/making-the-civil-service-a-great-place-to-work-for-veterans">Great Place to Work for Veterans (opens in a new window)</a> initiative.</p><p>The Civil Service welcomes applications from people who have recently left prison or have an unspent conviction. <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.civil-service-careers.gov.uk/prison-leaver-recruitment/">Read more about prison leaver recruitment (opens in new window)</a>.</p><p>Once this job has closed, the job advert will no longer be available. You may want to save a copy for your records.</p><h3>Contact point for applicants</h3><h4>Job contact :</h4><ul><li><p>Name : Jen Hughes/Ofgem Resourcing Team</p></li><li><p>Email : recruitment@ofgem.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h4>Recruitment team</h4><ul><li><p>Email : recruitment@ofgem.gov.uk</p></li></ul><h3>Attachments</h3><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNzY4NjgmdmVyaWZ5PTQ5Y2ViMzM4YmZjMmQwYzZkMjUxMzMzOGUwNWI1NTQ2">Role Profile_Senior Interaction Designer 2B Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 100kB)</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNzY4NjkmdmVyaWZ5PTcyZGYzZjk4MWZhOGIwNTE1NzZlNWM0ZDM0MmE2Y2Q5">Digital and Data Candidate Pack Senior Interaction Designer Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 1256kB)</p><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://files.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/admin/fairs/apptrack/download.cgi?SID=b3duZXI9NTA3MDAwMCZvd25lcnR5cGU9ZmFpciZkb2NfdHlwZT12YWMmZG9jX2lkPTExNzY4NzAmdmVyaWZ5PWZiMTRjNTIyN2I4YWY2NDYwYWE3MzRkYzgzZGY5NDYx">Terms and Conditions Mar 24 Opens in new window</a> (pdf, 318kB)</p>
