---
{
	"id": 2092,
	"shortId": "FXYrvL43",
	"uuid": "92240aca-e3b4-4fe3-ae17-2f5f00707e95",
	"title": {
		"original": "Product Designer, Academy Creator",
		"textDescription": "Product Designer",
		"urlSlug": "product-designer-academy-creator",
		"inferred": {
			"canonicalTitle": "Product Designer",
			"seniortyLevel": 3
		}
	},
	"postedDate": "2024-10-21T00:00:00.000Z",
	"closedDate": "2024-11-11T00:00:00.000Z",
	"directApply": false,
	"jobLocation": {
		"original": "Remote",
		"textDescription": "Remote, United Kingdom",
		"locations": [
			{
				"textDescription": "United Kingdom",
				"countryName": "United Kingdom",
				"countryCode": "GB"
			}
		],
		"workplace": "FULLY_REMOTE"
	},
	"hiringOrganization": {
		"name": "HubSpot",
		"logo": "//uxbri.org/jobs/logos/HubSpot_Logo.svg",
		"id": 593,
		"shortId": "b1NV0t5D",
		"uuid": "30a5a856-cac3-4a0c-9a36-801e9e4c0b07"
	},
	"salary": {
		"original": "£69,400-£104,100",
		"textDescription": "£69 - £104",
		"currencyCode": "GBP",
		"currencySymbol": "£",
		"minValue": 69,
		"maxValue": 104
	},
	"tags": [
		"design",
		"remote"
	],
	"applicationUri": "https://www.hubspot.com/careers/jobs/6338011?hubs_signup-cta=careers-apply",
	"applicationType": "link",
	"shortDescription": "About You You’re’ looking for an environment, team, and role where you’ll’ thrive and do the best work of your career. That’s’ why, as a Product Designer at HubSpot: You’ll’ have a “seat at the",
	"status": "LIVE",
	"permalink": "/jobs/2092/product-designer-academy-creator",
	"layout": "jobs/individual"
}
---
<h2>About You&nbsp;</h2><p>You’re looking for an environment, team, and role where you’ll thrive and do the best work of your career. That’s why, as a Product Designer at HubSpot:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>You’ll have a “seat at the table” from Day 1. Your partners and peers know what you do, greatly value it, and expect you to have strong opinions.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>You’ll co-own a significant part of the product with your partners and you’ll have the autonomy you need to drive its strategy and vision.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>You’ll never have to guess about how to get promoted. We support you with clear expectations and career paths.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>You’ll be able to work where and how you work best: at home, the office, or any mix of both</p></li></ul><h2>About the product&nbsp;</h2><p>At HubSpot, we’ve been on an incredible journey, building world-class CRM, Marketing, Sales, and Services products that help businesses grow better. Central to that mission is HubSpot Academy, our renowned online learning platform, where millions of users take advantage of free lessons and courses designed to help them grow their businesses and advance their careers.</p><p>HubSpot Academy is essential to our customers, who rely on it to learn HubSpot, train their teams, enhance their skills, and get the most out of their HubSpot investment. Our goal is to empower millions of organizations worldwide by providing them with cutting-edge strategies, tactics, and technologies—all for free.</p><p>To drive this vision, the Academy Product Group—comprised of the Academy Creator Product Team and the Academy Learner Product Team focuses on delivering an outstanding, self-service digital learning experience across mobile and desktop platforms. With features like badging and credentialing, we enable HubSpot users to showcase their expertise through certificates and user profiles that help them stand out in their network.</p><p>But we’re just getting started! That’s where you come in. The Academy Creator Product Team is searching for a talented Product Designer to help shape the future of the Academy creator experience in Academy Studio , our custom-built platform that enables educators to publish educational content at scale in HubSpot Academy. You’ll collaborate closely with the Academy Learner ProductTeam, whose mission is to build learner confidence through education, and the HubSpot <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://Connect.com">Connect.com</a> Team, who are dedicated to creating the number one network for growth professionals to connect, learn, and grow. The mission of the Academy Creator Product Team is to grow both the quantity and quality of educational content offered by HubSpot Academy, a key driver for growth that requires exciting features like AI-enabled content creation, analytics and feedback loops for creators, and even badging and rewards for highly rated content.</p><p>If you’re passionate about creating impactful learning experiences and want to contribute to a platform that’s shaping the future of education for businesses worldwide, we’d love to hear from you!</p><h2>Here’s what success in your role looks like&nbsp;</h2><ul><li><p>Co-create a shared strategy, vision, and cohesive roadmap for the future of this product area in partnership with product management and engineering peers&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Drive alignment, set goals, and drive understanding and motivation with your partners and team&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Understand your customer to build compelling journey scenarios, information architecture, interaction flows, and visual designs&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Work autonomously and with customer experience in mind, using our Trellis design system for a fast, efficient process with fewer handoffs&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Collaborate closely with researchers and content designers to create, refine, and iterate on new and existing experiences&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Play an active role in growing HubSpot’s UX team and culture&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h2>You’ll love this role if you&nbsp;</h2><ul><li><p>Can focus on just the most important things rather than being stretched thin across everything&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Put customers at the center of everything you do&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Demonstrate experience in delivering successful, intuitive products with measurable customer and business impact&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Thrive when collaborating on strategy and vision with partners, leaders, and teams</p></li><li><p>Can balance scope, speed, and quality to reach outcomes&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Enjoy mentoring, coaching for growth, aligning on goals, and driving accountability at all levels&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Have experience fostering team health, mission, and purpose&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Can confidently deliver clear, direct, and actionable feedback—and ask for it in return</p></li><li><p>Share our HEART values and practice growth mindset&nbsp;</p></li></ul><h2>About UX at HubSpot&nbsp;</h2><p>Our UX team is a passionate and diverse group of ~300 product designers, content designers, researchers, and design ops folks globally who build consumer-grade experiences while solving enterprise-level problems. We’re set up to work as equal partners to our peers in product management and engineering. We design and deliver a crafted experience to our customers by setting a high bar on ease of use. We’re investing deeply in building whole and healthy UX teams across all of our disciplines so we can better solve problems for our customers.&nbsp;</p><p>We involve our customers in every step of our development process. We strive to deliver a B2B product that’s just as easy to use as the best B2C products on the market. When our customers grow, we grow, too.&nbsp;</p><h2>One more thing you should know…</h2><p><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://hbr.org/2014/08/why-women-dont-apply-for-jobs-unless-theyre-100-qualified">There’s a lot of research</a> showing how marginalized groups of people may not apply for jobs unless they meet 100% (or more!) of the qualifications. We also know that many UX folks come from backgrounds with different experiences that might not seem “standard”—and that’s okay! We really value people who bring unique perspectives and add new knowledge to our team.</p><p>But you might not feel like you “check all the boxes” as you read this job post. We get it. And we feel these things ourselves, too. But we hope you’ll apply anyway because we’ll take great care in working with you. 🧡</p><p><em>Confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we'll let you in on a secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. HubSpot is a place where everyone can grow. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day.</em>&nbsp;</p><h2>About HubSpot</h2><p>HubSpot helps millions of organizations grow better, and we’d love to grow better with you. Our business&nbsp; builds the software and systems that power the world’s small to medium-sized businesses. Our company culture builds connections, careers, and employee growth. How? By creating a workplace that values flexibility, autonomy, and transparency. If that sounds like something you’d like to be part of, we’d love to hear from you.</p><p>You can find out more about our company culture in the HubSpot<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/34234/The-HubSpot-Culture-Code-Creating-a-Company-We-Love.aspx"> Culture Code</a>, which has more than 3M views, and learn about<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/jobs/diversity-inclusion"> our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace</a>, too. Thanks to the work of every HubSpotter globally who has helped build our remarkable culture, HubSpot has been named a top workplace by Glassdoor, Fortune, Entrepreneur, and more.</p><p><strong>Cash compensation range:</strong> 69,400-104,100 GBP Annually<br><br><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1C1TGMkG5mos30bkgmNIap_sSzr-lCOWF/view?usp=sharing">This resource</a> will help guide how we recommend thinking about the range you see. Learn more about HubSpot’s <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/careers-blog/compensation-philosophy">compensation philosophy</a>.<br><br>The cash compensation above includes base salary, on-target commission for employees in eligible roles, and annual bonus targets under HubSpot’s bonus plan for eligible roles. In addition to cash compensation, some roles are eligible to participate in HubSpot’s equity plan to receive restricted stock units (RSUs). Some roles may also be eligible for overtime pay. Individual compensation packages are based on a few different factors unique to each candidate, including their skills, experience, qualifications and other job-related reasons.<br><br>We know that benefits are also an important piece of your total compensation package. To learn more about what’s included in total compensation, check out some of the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/careers/benefits">benefits and perks HubSpot offers</a> to help employees grow better.<br><br>At HubSpot, fair compensation practices isn’t just about checking off the box for legal compliance. It’s about living out our value of transparency with our employees, candidates, and community.</p><p><em>We know the </em><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/05/the-confidence-gap/359815/"><em>confidence gap</em></a><em>&nbsp;and</em><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/impostor-syndrome-tips"><em> imposter syndrome</em></a><em> can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you.</em></p><p><strong><em>If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us </em></strong><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://form.asana.com/?k=Xr9-j19kRaY5T5NjIeyx4Q&amp;d=8587152060687"><strong><em>using this form</em></strong></a><strong><em>.</em></strong><em> This information will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of determining an appropriate accommodation for the interview process.</em></p><p><em>At HubSpot, we value both flexibility and connection. Whether you’re a Remote employee, or work from the Office, we want you to start your journey here by building strong connections with your team and peers.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>If you are joining our Engineering team in a full-time role, you will be required to attend a regional HubSpot office for in-person onboarding. If you join our broader Product team, you’ll also attend other in-person events such as HubSpot’s annual PEER week, your Product Group Summit, and other in-person gatherings to continue building on those connections.</em></p><p><em>If you require an accommodation due to travel limitations or other reasons, please inform your recruiter during the hiring process. We are committed to supporting candidates who may need alternative arrangements.</em></p><p><strong><em>Germany Applicants:</em></strong><em> (m/f/d) - link to HubSpot's Career Diversity&nbsp;page&nbsp;</em><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/careers/diversity"><em>here</em></a><em>.</em></p><p><strong><em>India Applicants:</em></strong><em> link to HubSpot India's equal opportunity policy </em><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fTZ0ht2chl1WRI7Tgrbzh9ytZUhL2jG9/view?__hstc=20629287.8bedd818fefb24c6303ec98fcf9dcfff.1724281309795.1724281309795.1724281309795.1&amp;__hssc=20629287.1.1724281309796&amp;__hsfp=1818362978"><em>here</em></a><em>.</em></p><h2>About HubSpot</h2><p>HubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is a leading customer relationship management (CRM) platform that provides software and support to help businesses grow better. We build marketing, sales, service, and website management products that start free and scale to meet our customers’ needs at any stage of growth. We’re also building a company culture that empowers people to do their best work. If that sounds like something you’d like to be part of, we’d love to hear from you.</p><p>You can find out more about our company culture in the <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="http://culturecode.com/">HubSpot Culture Code</a>, which has more than 5M views, and learn about <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/jobs/diversity-inclusion">our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace</a>, too. Thanks to the work of every employee globally, HubSpot was named the #2 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor in 2022 and has been recognized for its award-winning culture by Great Place to Work, Comparably, Fortune, Entrepreneur, Inc., and more.</p><p>Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, HubSpot was founded in 2006. Today, thousands of employees across the globe work remotely and in HubSpot offices. Visit our&nbsp;<a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://www.hubspot.com/careers">careers website</a> to learn more about the culture and opportunities at HubSpot.&nbsp;</p><p><em>By submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. HubSpot's&nbsp;</em><a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://legal.hubspot.com/recruiting-privacy-notice"><em>Privacy Notice</em></a><em>&nbsp;explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, our purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over HubSpot’s use of your personal information.</em>&nbsp;</p>
